Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Project & Budget Coordinator
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283104797&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Thermo Fisher Scientific. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Work Schedule

Standard (Mon-Fri)

Environmental Conditions

Office

Job Description

Summarized Purpose:

Contributes to the achievement of financial and business objectives by coordinating and monitoring budget and resource allocation data for assigned project portfolio, of simple to moderate complexity. Works cross-functionally with other departments and functional leads to complete assigned tasks on time.

Essential Functions And Other Job Information

Essential Functions

 Assists with daily financial management of assigned projects.
 Collaborates with team members on monitoring the financial aspects of the projects, including review of actuals and forecast data on monthly or otherwise specified basis.
 Completes initial and maintenance resource allocation updates in financial system, as applicable.
 Assists Budget Analyst and Project Lead to identify risks for unsupported hours.
 Ensures all activities are executed in compliance with company good practices.

Job Complexity Works on assignments that are semi-routine in nature but recognizes the need for occasional deviation from standard practice.

Job Knowledge Applies acquired job skills and company policies and procedures to complete assigned tasks.

Supervision

Received Normally follows established procedures on routine work, requires instructions only on new assignments.

Business

Relationships Contacts are typically with individuals within own department and occasionally with contacts in other functional departments. Contacts involve obtaining or providing information or data requiring some explanation or interpretation.

Qualifications

Education and Experience:

High / Secondary school diploma or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification

Technical positions may require a certificate

Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to at least 2 years).

In some cases an equivalency, consisting of a combination of appropriate education, training and/or directly related experience, will be considered sufficient for an individual to meet the requirements of the role.

Knowledge, Skills And Abilities

 Intermediate English and good communication skills both written and verbal
 Strong organizational, planning and time management skills
 Good analytical skills and ability to work on issues of a diverse and confidential nature
 Proficient in Microsoft Office programs
 Strong customer service orientation and attention to detail aligned with high standards of quality and excellence
 Adaptive to changes and ability to handle high-pressure situations
 Ability to work in a team environment as well as work independently with moderate direct supervision
 Ability to utilize proper channels of communications to voice concerns and suggestions

Working Conditions And Environment

 Work is performed in an office or home-based environment with exposure to electrical equipment.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
