Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Manager Technical Program Management Office
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: leavebenefits@paylocity.com, support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283107753&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Paylocity. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Paylocity is an award-winning provider of cloud-based HR and payroll software solutions, offering the most complete platform for the modern workforce. The company has become one of the fastest-growing HCM software providers worldwide by offering an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses automate and streamline HR and payroll processes, attract and retain talent, and build a strong workplace culture.

While traditional HR and payroll providers automate basic HR processes such as payroll and benefits administration, Paylocity goes further by developing tools that HR and businesses need to compete for talent and deliver against the expectations of the modern workforce.

Help Paylocity enhance communication and enable employees to connect, collaborate, and create from anywhere with a position in Product & Technology!

Want to develop the strategies and principles needed to deliver compelling software? Join our team and help us enhance our all-in-one software platform, elevate our one-of-a-kind technology, and improve the employee experience.

Take your career to the next level at one of G2's Top 100 Software Companies. Explore our Product & Technology positions to see where you fit!

We are committed to building a world-class team by hiring top talent globally. To ensure compliance, we use an Employer of Record model.

Who You Are

As the Manager of the Technical Program Managers, you serve as a portfolio manager and talent development manager - enabling team members to achieve their highest level of performance and fulfill career goals. You help a team of TPMs be successful and lead programs when needed.

During The First Six Months, You Will

Oversee a team of Technical Program Managers and their active programs. 
Manage team capacity and program intake requests. 
Define, Create, Implement and ensure adherence to PMO best practices. 
Help define tooling and process improvements for TPMO. 
Ensure programs are consistent and being managed to the TPMO best practices. 
Cohesive reporting of all active programs to Senior Leadership. 
Coaching and mentoring TPMs. 
Leading career development discussions and planning with the TPMs. 
Work fully autonomously and be able to act self-sufficiently to oversee and adapt project objectives and delivery to meet the business need. 
Assist TPMs with managing program schedules, risk, dependencies and executive level communications. 
Plan, schedule, monitor, and report on program-related activities. 
Ensure appropriate and effective governance arrangements and comprehensive reporting and communication policies are in place and followed. 
Identify program resources, inter-dependencies and manage program risk. 

Accountable for execution of medium to large scale strategic programs, demonstrating the following skills at a Highly Proficient level:

Skill 1: Governance and risk management 
Skill 2: Stakeholder management 
Skill 3: Communication (includes status and reporting) 
Skill 4: Planning and dependency management 
Skill 5: Project Management 

Required Experience

5+ years of leading technical projects. 
3+ years of management experience. 
Demonstrated delivery leadership experience with multiple large, complex software programs. 
Expertise on tools like JIRA, Product Board, A-ha! or similar planning tools. 
Experience with PMO transformations. 

Paylocity is an equal-opportunity employer.

Paylocity is committed to the full inclusion of all individuals. We recruit, train, compensate, and promote regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. At Paylocity, we believe diversity makes us better.

We embrace and encourage our employees’ differences in age, culture, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion or spiritual belief, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other characteristics that make our employees unique. We actively cultivate these differences through our employee resource groups (ERGs), employee experiences, perspectives, talents, and approaches to drive innovation in the software and services we provide our customers.

We comply with federal and state disability laws and make reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. To request reasonable accommodation in the job application or interview process, please contact leavebenefits@paylocity.com. This email address is exclusively designated for such requests, aligning with federal and state disability laws. Please do not send resumes to this email address, as they will be removed.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
