Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Delivery Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283108594&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for GE Vernova. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Job Description Summary

The Delivery Manager is responsible for managing the technical delivery partnering across various levels of the organisation and project team to ensure all the project requirements are delivered as per contract (time, cost, quality, risk management and governance). This would require a close working partnership with Project Managers and the Client Project Management Office Team.

The Delivery Manager would coordinate with the technical subject matter expert (SME) and will have a high level view/understanding of all the products so as to ensure that risk are mitigated.

The Delivery Manager provides expertise in sustained customer success and growth in the post-sales customer lifecycle through training, professional services, technical support, renewals, outcome attainment, retention, expansion, and customer advocacy with a Digital focus. Impacts approaches, projects and programs in the functional area or affected business organization and ways of working. Impacts quality, efficiency and effectiveness of own team. Has significant input into priorities. Guided by professional practices and policies that are shaped by the role. The role requires high levels of operational judgment.

Job Description

Roles and Responsibilities

The Delivery Manager is a pivotal part of the services organization, who owns the project’s Delivery Model and is the Technical Leader on the Project. The Delivery Manager cultivates relationships with a portfolio of customers in both pre-sales and project delivery phases and provides objective advice and assistance on the strategy, structure, management and operations of a customer organization, in support of identified business purposes and objectives.

The Delivery Manager provides technical management in pre-sales and delivery phases to clients, cross-functional GEV teams and key suppliers to identify and define client business outcomes and continues to manage those relationships to ensure outcomes are met within project constraints. You will play a key management role in defining, implementing and maintaining the internal Project Engineering team’s best practices and delivery standards across existing and new opportunities.

Impacts approaches, projects and programs in the functional area or affected business organization and ways of working. Impacts quality, efficiency and effectiveness of own team. Has significant input into priorities. Guided by professional practices and policies that are shaped by the role. The role requires high levels of operational judgment.

Key Responsibilities

Work with the Project Manager (PM) through close coordination for scope management, schedule, risk management, and quality management. 
Accountable for successful delivery of technical scope items to meet the schedule, cost and quality commitments. 
Project Execution control: Build effective Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) . 
Manage project team and activities to drive project deliverables 
Communicate effectively with Project Manager, Customer, Project team (APAC and global), DevOps on project and technical items such as project status, risks and mitigation, scope, and issues 
Trigger and validate engineering Gate Reviews (Requirements, Design, Factory Testing Readiness, Site Acceptance Readiness) within GEV and the customer 
Utilize software delivery performance measurement tools and indicators (e.g. Jira burndown charts 
Collaborate with Technical Leader and SME to deploy GEV transmission and distribution solution to client environments: 
Prepare input data such as network model files, load & generation forecasts, future planning scenarios, resources availability, and generation cost data. 
Prepare, modify, and configure client and testing input data for solutions by creating scripts/Simulator for FAT or split data feed from customer for SIT/UAT. 
Convert and validate client CIM network models using developed tools and scripts, validating powerflow results. 
Collaborate with our Service Engineering development lead during the development cycle to ensure all custom deliverables meet defined needs and standards and are on time and budget. 
Respond to all client inquiries, bugs, and product ideas for in-flight projects and file tickets for the Product or project team. 
Lead the simulation of project scenarios utilizing combinations of solutions, configuration, and input data. 
Perform use case and client specific testing runs and lead factory and site acceptance testing. 
Debug software, documenting issues for the testing teams. 
Analyze and assess data and results of project activities and tasks. 
Hands-On experience, with certification a plus, in deploying solution to the GEV or Client staging. 
Report on project outcomes and present findings to project partners and stakeholders. 
Utilize GEV Product knowledge and expertise to drive excellence in execution through continuous improvement, change management (costs base reduction, lead time reduction, productivity improvement, quality improvement, etc) 
Agile mindset and ability to work with one or more Scrum Teams (Region and Global team) to execute and deliver solutions for our customers 
Good understanding of DevOps concepts, such as automated builds, automated deployments and automated tests, to lead customers and apply those concepts to your daily deliverables 
Validate project scope review in coordination with the Solution Design team identifying, documenting, and estimating any change requests (CR) or project risks with mitigation plans. Work with Project Manager to communicate with customer. 
Assist in the tendering process for project proposals or CRs working with the Customer Engagement team/resource managers to validate scope and estimates as well as reviewing each proposal with the customer. 
Ensure a smooth transfer to maintenance at project end 
Engage in Customer management activities with Project Manager 
Work with Project Manager to report or resolve any process non-conformances in a timely manner 

Additional Responsibilities

Technical Leadership of the delivery and implementation of large complex solutions 
Analyze, define and prioritize Business and Functional/nonfunctional requirements[ and processes and propose technical solutions to meet the business issues and close inefficiency gaps 
Responsibility for the Business requirements through the entire lifecycle of the project from definition, implementation, test and delivery 
Create and maintain relationships with key stakeholders and 3rd Parties 
Participating & lead technical requirements workshops 
Write and present technical proposals and presentations 
Ability to take ownership of issues and are proactive in ensuring they are resolved 

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's or Master degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Physics, Electrical Engineering, or related Engineering Discipline from an accredited university or college 
At least 10 years technical experience in WAMS (Wide Area Monitoring System), DERMS (Distributed Energy Management Systems), SCADA and/ or EMS (Energy Management Systems) is essential for this role. 
Key to success in this role would also include experience in with Kubernates, microservices, data stores like elastic search, PostgreSQL, Kibana, Grafana, kafka 
Added knowledge in Automatic process deployment, continuous improvement (CI) and continuous deployment (CD),and Ansible would be an added advantage. 
Ability to analyse emerging energy industry trends and implications on utility clients in the area of DER management, Transmission, Wide area monitoring (WAMS), distribution planning, IT, SCADA and asset management would be an added advantage 
Ability to demonstrate familiarity with project testing such as Factory acceptance test (FAT), Site acceptance test (SAT) and user acceptance test (UAT) is also key 
Problem Solving: You can quickly understand and analyze various approaches and processes and are able to configure solutions to client needs given existing product functionality. You have the ability to drill down to the details, obtaining the right level of specificity for your team. You can creatively solve complex problems. You will bring strong evaluation and management skills. 
Teamwork/OneTeam: You are a natural collaborator and demonstrate a “we before me” attitude. 
Communication: Strong communication skills as you are able to demonstrate your ability to effectively articulate complex technical topics with internal and external stakeholders 

Desired Characteristics

Growth Mindset.

You are deeply curious and love to ask questions. You’re a lifelong learner.

Client Focus.

This is a client facing role as it requires you to engage and understand their needs and drive for success. You can create powerful user stories detailing the needs of your clients.

Innovation.

A genuine interest in new tools and technology. You learn new software quickly without extensive documentation or hand holding.

Additional Information

Relocation Assistance Provided: No

 This is a remote position

GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
