Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Apex Companies
Role Name: Senior Project Manager, Transportation
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278919898&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
Are you highly motivated, hard-working, and seeking to join a growth-focused consulting & engineering firm? Are you looking for a company that will invest in your development and grow your professional skills? If so, consider a career with Apex!

Powered by record sales, extraordinary client retention, strategic acquisitions, and an entrepreneurial spirit, Apex Companies is one of the fastest growing engineering and environmental consulting firms in the US. We were recently recognized by the Zweig Group as one of the fastest growing firms in the AEC industry. We take pride in providing our clients with exceptional service and have earned numerous awards for project excellence. We continue to grow, and we want you to grow with us.

We are seeking an experienced Senior Project Manager, Transportation with a background in the design and management of Transportation projects. The Project Manager should have 8+ years of experience in Transportation (Roadway) design and demonstrated effectiveness in planning and managing projects, maintaining budgets and schedules, and building and maintaining positive client relations. Applicants must be motivated with a desire for personal growth and advancement, as well as firm growth, and work well in a collaborative team atmosphere.

This is a remote position and can work anywhere withing the United States.

Responsibilities

 Supervise and direct the preparation of design and construction bid documents for Transportation (roadway) projects involving multi-modal accommodations (Complete Streets) including corridor, intersection, and downtown improvements
 Effectively present at meetings with clients and the public
 Maintain project financials/budgets, schedules, and project advancement
 Manage/mentor staff and provide guidance, manage workloads, and provide issue resolution
 Prepare project scopes and budgets for proposals and contracts
 Maintain communication with clients including municipalities and regional agencies

Minimum Requirements

What we're looking for:

Bachelors Degree in Civil or Transportation Engineering plus 10+ years of relevant experience (Roadway) including design and project management AutoCAD/Civil 3D
Possess a broad understanding of transportation design and planning standards, specifically standards and submission processes for state agencies 

Preferred Requirements

Professional Engineer (PE) registration or ability to obtain

Apex Job Title: Project Manager

Req ID: 10644

Annual Expected Pay Range: $115,000 USD - $190,000 USD

We believe in equality for all and celebrate the diversity and differences of our employees, customers, and communities. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Apex aims to make apexcos.com accessible to all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, please contact Talent@apexcos.com or (301) 417-0200. Likewise, feel free to reach out to us if you would like to view or discuss Apex policy related to equal employment opportunity or have any related concerns. EO/AA/VEV/Disabled Employer

TO ALL RECRUITMENT AGENCIES: Apex Companies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes for any of our job postings to our career’s sites, or to any employees of Apex Companies or affiliates. Apex Companies is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
