Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Technical Project Manager - Remote
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283169656&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=25

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Akamai. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Do you relish the prospect of providing end to end support across multiple products?

Would you like the opportunity to work in a high-impact role responsible for building customer loyalty?

Join our Professional Services team

Our customer-centric team builds innovative and tailored solutions for our customers to help them achieve their vision. We collaborate to understand our customer needs, deliver results, and possibilities for their growth and success. We build trusted relationships through clear communication, honesty and listening to our customers.

Become a trusted advisor

Focusing on integration, you will be a trusted advisor to customers. You will manage their engagement with our platform and building technical solutions across all Akamai products. In a high-impact, dynamic environment you'll be project managing, problem-solving. You will built close relationships with customers across many industries.

As a Technical Project Manager, you will be responsible for:

Collaborating with the integrated accounts team to evaluate customer web architecture and deliver the best integration solution 
Ensuring customer success by focusing on best practice guidance 
Partnering with the business to review and ensure integration efficiency, high quality service and customer engagement 
Participating on internal projects to contribute to best practices, improving our methodology and quality of integrations 
Working as a central point of contact for the customer and cross-functional teams to encourage account growth 
Helping the customer to develop a long-term web application and security strategy 

Do What You Love

To be successful in this role you will:

Demonstrate experience in a customer-facing role within the information technology industry 
Have experience of managing and delivering technical customer projects successfully 
Have experience in infrastructure implementation or web application related, and enterprise scale projects 
Have a natural ability to engage, influence and build trusted relationships with customers in diffucult environments 
Have excellent communication and presentation skills to articulate highly technical information in a clear and easy way 
Be Fluent in Japanese and speak English at business level 

Work in a way that works for you

FlexBase, Akamai's Global Flexible Working Program, is based on the principles that are helping us create the best workplace in the world. When our colleagues said that flexible working was important to them, we listened. We also know flexible working is important to many of the incredible people considering joining Akamai. FlexBase, gives 95% of employees the choice to work from their home, their office, or both (in the country advertised). This permanent workplace flexibility program is consistent and fair globally, to help us find incredible talent, virtually anywhere. We are happy to discuss working options for this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.

Learn (https://www.akamai.com/careers) what makes Akamai a great place to work

Connect with us on social and see what life at Akamai is like! (https://twitter.com/Akamai?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor) (https://www.linkedin.com/company/akamai-technologies/) (https://www.akamai.com/blog?)

We power and protect life online, by solving the toughest challenges, together.

At Akamai, we're curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.

Working for you

Benefits

At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life:

Your health 
Your finances 
Your family 
Your time at work 
Your time pursuing other endeavors 

Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.

About Us

Akamai powers and protects life online. Leading companies worldwide choose Akamai to build, deliver, and secure their digital experiences helping billions of people live, work, and play every day. With the world's most distributed compute platform from cloud to edge we make it easy for customers to develop and run applications, while we keep experiences closer to users and threats farther away.

Join us

Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
