Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: ServiceMaster Recovery Management - North America
Role Name: Assistant Commercial Restoration Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: atweacknowledge@servicemaster.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4273048520&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Description

We Play to Win!

Big goals. Big achievements. Big impact.

ServiceMaster employs empowered and engaged teams, delivering growth in an ever-evolving world. Our goal is to double in size over the next few years, which means ambition and risk-taking are part of our daily life. If you are tired of the status quo and complacency, join our team to help franchisees dominate in their respective areas. You’ll be around other winners chasing big goals, guaranteed to bring out the best work of your career! 

Schedule:This position can bebased anywhere in the United States. It's aheavy travelposition and our teams travel 180+ days out of the year as they respond to catastrophic events.

The purpose of this position is to introduce the Project Manager role by coordinating, assigning and managing projects while successfully following the scope of work. This position is responsible for working with a seasoned Project Manager on the management of disaster restoration projects; including meeting with customers and estimating jobs, managing production crews, ensuring that our teams provide high-quality work, and interacting with, communicating with, and fielding questions and concerns from customers and property adjusters. The Assistant/Junior Project Manager will also be responsible for ensuring that all required paperwork and project management systems are completed for each job.

Duties And Responsibilities

 The Assistant/Junior Project Manager is responsible for a carefully planned and consistently applied Sales Program that will ensure maintenance of stable revenue levels for residential, commercial, and disaster restoration, while working with a seasoned Project Manager.
 Work with a seasoned Project Manager to promote a planned growth rate of sales consistent with the financial and physical capacities. The Assistant/Junior Project Manager also must promote development of client, subcontractor and vendor relationships.
 The Assistant/Junior Project Manager must represent Service Recovery Management in project meetings and continuously identify new work opportunities and inform Sales and Marketing team of potential projects with current clients.
 The Assistant/Junior Project Manager is responsible for actively leads internal team(s) that focuses on continuous improvement of the business.
 The Assistant/Junior Project Manager will master how to analyze and determine sales areas for saturation and exploitation.
 Utilize SRM's residential, commercial, and disaster marketing programs.
 On a selective key-account basis, accompany Sales Personnel from time to time on calls to observe their sales technique and evaluate their competence, preparing formal evaluations and reviewing them with the individual concerned.
 Maintain customer activity records for the purpose of evaluating their volume of business.
 Work with the seasoned Project Manager on all instructions and recommendations in writing, maintaining a master file for reference.
 Be able to identify and delineate areas of responsibility and delegate assignment of large key accounts to specific sales personnel.
 Through a personal initiative and through intermediary of Sales Personnel, customers, and others, to the greatest extent possible, remain aware of the marketing activities and pricing of competitors.
 Maintain a continuing program for the promotion of good customer relations, providing prompt servicing of all inquiries and complaints, coordinating such matters with other functions as necessary.
 Adhere to and enforce all company policies specified in the Employee handbook and safety manual.

Qualifications

Required: Two Year Degree in Business-Marketing/Management

Preferred: Four Year Degree in Business-Marketing/Management

Required: Valid Driver’s License

Required: Previous project management experience within the restoration industry

Preferred: Experience using time and material estimation platforms

Preferred: IICRC Certifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Must also have a functional understanding of handheld smart devices and an aptitude for learning new technology and all applicable software as determined. Detail oriented. Ability to follow verbal and written instructions. Strong communication skills.

Physical And Mental Requirements

Body Positions: Standing, sitting and crouching. Body Movements: Walking, bending, reaching, grasping, lifting, flexing and bending arms, legs, hands, and fingers, and driving. Body Senses: Must be able to see, hear, speak, and smell. Ability to lift up to 70 pounds The requirements are, but not limited to, as follows: Mental: Must have the capacity to conduct customer conversation, manage temporary laborers, complete simple mathematical calculations, and complete paperwork. Language: Must be able to understand directions and engage in reasonable conversations with clients, employees, and management. Mechanical: Must have mechanical aptitude.

Working Conditions

Working conditions will be mostly on a job site in adverse conditions ranging from extreme heat to extreme cold, with some work completed in a climate-controlled environment. This position will require alternate bending and lifting of large items up to 70 pounds. Direct reports Temporary laborers may report to this position if assigned to do so by the Supervisor.

This position is guaranteed a minimum of 40 hours per week.

Roark Capital Group acquired ServiceMaster Brands in October 2020. Roark focuses on investing in the consumer and business services sectors, with a specialization inmulti-location and franchised businesses.Since inception, affiliates of Roark have invested in 100 multi-location, franchised brands, which collectively generate $62 billion in annual system revenues from 66,000 locations in 50 states and 89 countries. Please visit www.roarkcapital.com to learn more.

It is the policy of ServiceMaster Brands, in accordance with all applicable laws, to recruit, hire, train, and promote persons in all job titles without regard to race, color, national origin, genetic information, religious beliefs, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, pregnancy, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected classifications, activities, or conditions as required by federal, state and local laws.

If you are unable to complete this application due to a disability, contact this employer to ask for an accommodation or an alternative application process atweacknowledge@servicemaster.com

California Applicants

Background checks are required, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for Employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.

Privacy Policy:https://www.servicemaster.com/california-applicant-privacy-notice/
