Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Rise Technical
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $100,000 – $130,000
Hiring Team: Kyle Sims
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4273337220&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Project Manager

$100,000 – $130,000 + 401(k) Match + Health & Dental + Bonus + PTO + Career Progression 

Orlando, Florida (Commutable from: Kissimmee, Winter Park, Altamonte Springs, Sanford, Apopka, Clermont, and surrounding areas) 

Are you a Construction Project Manager with a background in healthcare restoration, looking to take full ownership of high-impact projects and lead the launch of a brand-new division? 

On offer is an exciting and rare opportunity for a Project Manager to join a well-established construction company in the heart of Florida, known for its quality, integrity, and steady growth across multiple states. You will be a key leader shaping client relationships and driving project delivery. 

This company is a leading general contractor with an excellent track record across Florida and other states. Due to consistent growth plans and a strong pipeline of projects across multiple divisions, they are now seeking a Project Manager to help build and lead a new division, guide internal teams, manage project timelines and budgets, and ensure exceptional quality on every project. 

In this role, you will be responsible for project delivery across high-value healthcare projects, managing day-to-day client relationships, coordinating with project teams and superintendents, overseeing project budgets, and reviewing and approving subcontractors. 

This role would suit a Project Manager from a healthcare restoration background who is ready to take the next steps in their career and lead the launch of a brand-new division to success 
 The Role: 

Lead day-to-day projects on healthcare projects, ensuring subcontractors maintain high safety and compliance standards. 
Prepare and deliver accurate project progress reports for internal stakeholders and clients 
Manage documentation, scheduling, and resource planning to keep projects running efficiently 
strong client relationships by proactively communicating project status, addressing concerns, and managing expectations 

The Person: 

Project Manager experience in Healthcare Construction. 
Excellent communication skills with the ability to coordinate effectively with internal teams and clients. 
Project budgeting and experience working on high value projects 
Valid driver’s license. 


Reference Number: BBBH259517

To apply for this role or to be considered for further roles, please click "Apply Now" or contact Kyle Sims at Rise Technical Recruitment. 

Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd acts an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles. 

The salary advertised is the bracket available for this position. The actual salary paid will be dependent on your level of experience, qualifications and skill set. We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all suitable candidates.
