Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: AdventHealth Central Florida
Role Name: Project Manager II
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278397257&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
This job is sourced from a job board. Learn More
The Expertise And Experiences You’ll Need To Succeed

Bachelor's Degree Required

All the benefits and perks you need for you and your family:

Benefits from Day One
Paid Days Off from Day One
Career Development
Whole Person Wellbeing Resources
Mental Health Resources and Support

Our Promise To You

Joining AdventHealth is about being part of something bigger. It’s about belonging to a community that believes in the wholeness of each person, and serves to uplift others in body, mind and spirit. AdventHealth is a place where you can thrive professionally, and grow spiritually, by Extending the Healing Ministry of Christ. Where you will be valued for who you are and the unique experiences you bring to our purpose-minded team. All while understanding that together we are even better.

Schedule: Full Time

Shift\: Days

Location\: 601 East Rollins Street Orlando, FL 32803

The community you’ll be caring for\: AdventHealth Orlando

Located on a lush tropical campus, our flagship hospital, 1,368-bed AdventHealth Orlando 
Serves as the major tertiary facility for much of the Southeast, the Caribbean and South America 
AdventHealth Orlando houses one of the largest Emergency Departments and largest cardiac catheterization labs in the country 
We are already one of the busiest hospitals in the nation, providing service excellence to more than 32,000 inpatients and 125,000 outpatients each year 

The Role You’ll Contribute

The Project Manager II position is responsible for independently scoping and leading the successful management and execution of strategic initiatives. The candidate is expected at a minimum to be well-versed with the concepts, principles, and theories behind project management. A qualified candidate must be able to prioritize and manage multiple competing projects, deadlines, and customer relationships, while interacting effectively with stakeholders at all organizational levels, including senior executives & physicians, to affect change within the organization. A successful candidate should be able to transfer clients' perceptions of problems into viable solutions and actionable items, utilizing diplomacy and flexibility in response to clients' changing concerns, while maintaining oversight of cost, schedule, and quality to ensure that critical milestones and deliverables are completed in a timely manner. Actively participates in outstanding customer service and accepts responsibility in maintaining relationships that are equally respectful to all.

The Value You’ll Bring To The Team

Responsible for successful management and execution of strategic initiatives.
Responsible for oversight of cost, schedule, and quality. Manages project costs and schedule, alert stakeholders to deviations in budget/schedule and their resulting potential impact.
Interacts effectively with stakeholders at all organizational levels, including senior executives and physicians, to affect change within the organization.
Maintains accurate documentation and status of project timeline and keep team stakeholders and executive leadership informed of project status.
