Status: pending
Data-Status: pending
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Henry Schein One
Role Name: Software Implementation Project Manager I
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4378541226&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
***This position is Remote***

Job Summary

This position is responsible for planning, executing, and overseeing the project management activities related to the implementation of Henry Schein practice management Enterprise software and services to customers including small to mid-size multi-site locations in both the private and public sectors.

What You Will Do

Design, implement, test, and document functionality based on customer business requirements and workflows
Plan, lead, organize and control projects from beginning to end
Serve as a primary point of contact for both internal and external customers during all phases of the implementation project to achieve defined success, including the recognition and handling of escalated customer issues. Set appropriate customer expectations
Ensure timely and effective customer service expectations are always met and/or exceeded times
Manage multiple/simultaneous implementation projects
Resolve advanced customer escalations
Track all correspondence and completed tasks to provide accurate record of account/project history
Professionally establish strong working relationships with other people and teams
Proven professional experience with both client/server and cloud based (SaaS) applications and services
Proven professional experience with regulatory compliance and requirements including HIPAA
Proven professional experience with project management, including scheduling of tasks and management of small to mid-size projects including multi-site locations including multi-site locations
Recognize and provide input into process improvement
May participate in special projects or other duties as assigned
Responsible for working towards and assisting in the achievement of individual, team, department, and company goals

Travel/Physical Demands

Travel typically less than 10%. Office environment. No special physical demands required.

Qualifications

Must Have

Typically, 2 to 4 years of related professional experience.
Typically a Bachelor's Degree or global equivalent in related discipline.
Basic understanding of industry practices
General proficiency with tools, systems, and procedures
Basic planning/organizational skills and techniques
Good decision making, analysis and problem solving skills
Good verbal and written communication skills
Basic presentation and public speaking skills
Basic interpersonal skills
Developing professional credibility

Nice to have:

Clinical experience in Dental preferred.

What You Get As a Henry Schein One Employee

A great place to work with fantastic people.
A career in the healthcare technology industry, with the ability to grow and realize your full potential.
Competitive compensation.
Excellent benefits package! Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage, 401K Plan with Company Match, Paid Time Off (PTO), Sick Leave (if applicable), Paid Parental Leave, Short Term Disability, Income Protection, Work Life Assistance Program, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Education Benefits, Worldwide Scholarship Program, Volunteer Opportunities, and more.

About Henry Schein One 

Henry Schein One is the global leader in dental management, analytics, communication, and marketing software. Our company’s products and services work together as one simple solution to provide users with a seamless and integrated experience.

Our company thrives because of our people. We believe in supportive, diverse, and inclusive workforce, inclusive environments, professional development opportunities, and competitive compensation packages. We value innovation, teamwork, and encourage work-life balance.

One of many reasons why Henry Schein One (HS1) leads the industry is because of our products, services and most importantly our people. In 2022 HS1 was awarded one of the top places to work for in Utah. To learn more, click here: 2022 Best Companies To Work For | Henry Schein One

Henry Schein, Inc. and Henry Schein One, LLC are Equal Employment Opportunity Employers and do not discriminate against applicants or employees on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability that can be reasonably accommodated without undue hardship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, citizenship, marital or veteran status, or any other legally protected status.

Unfortunately, Henry Schein One is not currently hiring individuals residing in Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Louisiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia, Washington DC, or Puerto Rico and other US Territories.
