Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Pearce Services
Role Name: Project Manager - Solar Services
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278378474&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
At PEARCE, we've got a career for you!

Join the nation’s leading independent service provider for critical telecommunication and renewable energy infrastructure. We are the premier independent service provider for our nation’s critical infrastructure. With over 2,500 team members nationwide, Pearce delivers comprehensive engineering, maintenance, repair, and repowering solutions, ensuring the seamless operation of our nation’s wireless and wireline telecom, commercial and utility-scale solar and wind projects, EV charging stations, as well as large-scale power generation, critical power and energy storage assets.

Your Impact

The Solar Services Project Manager position is responsible for all service execution within market(s) in which they are assigned.  This position will act as the first level of escalation for all direct field service technicians and service partners working in the assigned market.  The candidate will have strong interaction with external customers and internal stakeholders such as Sales, Business Operations, Field Operations, and Procurement to drive growth and optimization of our Solar service offerings to the U.S. market. This position will report to the Director of Solar Services. 

Core Responsibilities

Oversee the development of proposals, bids, quotations, or other documents describing organizational products and services in response to requests from customers.
Identifies and onboards new electrical contractors to strengthen Pearce offerings.
Coordinates internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of multiple projects and maximizes business opportunities.
Partners with Procurement leaders and meets with suitable vendors to assess their products, inquire about their services, negotiate pricing, and communicate any product or service-related concerns.
Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using appropriate verification techniques.
Lead and supervise a designated team of Field Service Technicians towards safely and efficiently servicing our customers and meeting the stated service level agreements (SLAs).
Assist in resource planning for the assigned market and review daily schedules of Field Service Technicians.
Managing partner network by enlisting service partners and building out our service partner base within the market by providing training, quality control, and audits.
Perform technical work as required (either for on-the-job training, or more complex Level 2 technical jobs as required).

Specific duties may vary or evolve over time based on business and client needs.

Core Experience

Minimum 5 years’ experience in Field Service technical role.
Minimum 1 year experience in Leadership Role is preferred.
Renewables experience is preferred.
Must have technical experience in power electronics or related field and an understanding of electrical safe work practices.
Strong leadership skills, independent thinking, strong organizational and planning skills, excellent analytical and problem-solving skills are essential.
Excellent verbal, written, and presentation communication skills.
Ability to use Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, TEAMS, etc.) is required.
Experience with Sales Force, CRMs, or other Field Service Management platform is preferred.

Physical/Work Environment

At Pearce safety is our number one concern. Candidates must be able to comply with OSHA Standards.

Candidates should reside in the Central or Eastern time zone (preferred)
Remote-based position with travel up to 20% as needed.
Comfortable working outdoors and on job sites in public areas.

At Pearce, we are committed to fair and transparent pay practices. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and location.

In addition to wages, employees may also be eligible for performance and referral bonuses, production incentives, tool/equipment and fuel stipends, company vehicle, per diem or other applicable compensation. We also offer all full-time employees a comprehensive benefits package including health and life insurance, 401k with employer match, paid time off, tuition reimbursement, and professional development courses.

This pay range reflects our commitment to pay equity and compliance with state and federal pay transparency laws. If you have questions about compensation, we encourage open discussions during the hiring process.

Base Pay Range

$300—$500 USD

What We Offer

Pearce offers a family-friendly and innovative culture with opportunities for growth, competitive compensation, comprehensive health benefits including medical, dental and vision insurance, flexible spending accounts, HSA option. To help you recharge, we have paid vacation and paid holidays. For your future, we offer a company-matching 401(k) Retirement, Life Insurance, Tuition reimbursement, and professional development training. To help you be successful at work, as required for the role, we will provide a company vehicle, phone, laptop, or tablet along with all necessary tools and safety equipment.

At PEARCE, we are an equal opportunity employer dedicated to cultivating an inclusive environment that empowers employees to excel and make a meaningful impact, providing a dynamic space for field technicians, service specialists, and corporate professionals to flourish and propel their careers forward within our nationwide presence and expansive service offerings.

Learn more about us at www.Pearce-Services.com!
