Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Westwood Professional Services
Role Name: Senior Project Manager, Renewables
Location: Lake Mary, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4240350439&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Overview

 Senior Project Manager, Renewables 

 Westwood Professional Services, Inc. 

 Westwood Professional Services, Inc. is seeking a Senior Project Manager, Renewables to join our team in our Lake Mary, FL office. The Senior Project Manager will join a highly experienced and dynamic team leading our Renewables Markets (Wind, Solar, Storage, EV) into an exciting sustainable energy future . Westwood has a highly experienced and dynamic team of individuals dedicated to providing high-level professional services to our clients.

Duties And Responsibilities

As a Senior Project Manager, you will be responsible for overseeing large, strategic priority , and/or high-risk projects in the company's renewables division. Your main focus will be on building strong client relationships, managing project teams, and ensuring the successful completion of projects . You may be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients and their associated projects .

Your Key Responsibilities Will Include

 Project Management: 

 Taking full accountability for multiple wind, solar, and/or storage projects. 
 Managing stakeholder relationships, both internal and external. 
 Coordinating and leading project teams. 


Proposal/Opportunity/Contracting

 Performing Go/No-Go reviews on new leads to ensure strategic alignment. 
 Interpreting client needs, prioritizing, and setting proposal strategy. 
 Coordinating proposal preparation in collaboration with service leadership. 
 Leading the contracting process with support from Market leadership. 


Client Management

 Providing program management for a portfolio of clients. 
 Developing and implementing client strategies in line with market and division strategy . 
 Establishing, tracking, and meeting revenue and sales targets for the portfolio. 
 Managing client relationships. 


Team Leadership

 Demonstrating effective leadership and team management skills. 
 Facilitating communication and coordination between service teams. 
 Setting clear expectations with project teams and clients . 
 Demonstrating financial responsibility and understanding of project financial metrics. 
 Utilizing strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
 Embracing adaptability, resiliency, and innovation. 
 Representing the organization in communications related to assigned clients and the industry. 


Required Skills

 Bachelor's degree in a technical, business, or project management relevant field. 
 5-10 years of project management experience. 
 Professional licensure in a technical field or PMP certification (or ability to obtain). 
 Strong understanding of and relationships with various technical service groups. 
 Ability to cross-sell and manage work in any service and sub-market. 
 Strong problem-solving skills and ability to lead issue resolution. 
 Ability to mentor and provide guidance to project management staff. 
 Excellent leadership and team management skills. 
 Strong cognitive ability and professionalism. 
 Effective communication and negotiation skills . 
 Financial acumen and understanding of project financial metrics. 
 Adaptability, resiliency, and innovation. 


Preferred Experience

 W ind, solar, and/or storage industry. 
 S trategic pursuits and proposal efforts. 
 C lient management and program management. 
 C ontract negotiations. 
 R isk management and issue resolution. 
 C oordinating with business leadership for strategic alignment. 
 R epresenting your company in communications and conferences.
