Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Black & Veatch
Role Name: Extra High Voltage Overhead Transmission Line Project Engineering Manager
Location: United States
Type: Hybrid
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4275015953&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Together, we own our company, our future, and our shared success.

As an employee-owned company, our people are Black & Veatch. We put them at the center of everything we do and empower them to grow, explore new possibilities and use their diverse talents and perspectives to solve humanity's biggest challenges in an ever-evolving world. With over 100 years of innovation in sustainable infrastructure and our expertise in engineering, procurement, consulting and construction, together we are building a world of difference.

Company : Black & Veatch Corporation

Req Id : 110061

Opportunity Type : Staff

Relocation eligible : Yes

Full time/Part time : Full-Time

Project Only Hire : No

Visa Sponsorship Available: Yes

Why Black and Veatch 
Black & Veatch allows you to lend your talent and perspective to humanity’s biggest challenges in a flexible environment where you are empowered to grow and explore new possibilities. We offer competitive compensation; 401K match and benefits that start day 1.

Our hybrid environment allows you to balance your work and personal life. At Black & Veatch, you own your career with purpose and meaning. You are empowered to grow and explore new possibilities at every step of your career journey. Bring your big ideas knowing you are safe to be who you are and speak up with concerns or questions and put your diverse talents and perspectives to use.

The Opportunity 
Functions in a supervisory role. Independently develops and applies advanced engineering techniques, concepts and approaches to unique engineering problems. Responsible for the supervision of project budget, schedule, technical ouput and performance of the engineering staff on projects of medium to high complexity.

With minimal oversight from a Project Manager, interfaces directly with the Client on all technical aspects of the project including the management of change associated with the project work scope, contract terms or any subcontract contracts.

Supporting business development of proposals.

The Team 
Black & Veatch’s Technology, Commercial & Industrial is a specialized group of capabilities focused on the latest needs for clients in a fast-growth technology-led arena of advanced manufacturing, and generative AI computing including gigafactories, bio/ag tech, data centers and distributed infrastructure. By joining our market sector, you will have the opportunity to be involved in cutting-edge technology and work with a team that moves quickly with decisions and expectations.

Key Responsibilities
General Responsibilities:

Proactively provides guidance and direction on department design guides, standards, systems, applicable engineering codes and B&V policies. Assists in developing, maintaining and updating engineering standards. Provides technical guidance to others regarding projects and disciplines.
Independently applies knowledge and ensures compliance with B&V quality program. Establishes related processes, and promotes a culture that is conducive to quality. Provides guidance and direction to others. Supports continuous improvement and change management efforts.

Project Execution Responsibilities:

Actively coordinates with all other internal/external team members on complex projects. Typically responsible for defining project schedules for single discipline or may have responsibility for multiple disciplines.
Responsible for determining identification of key client interests and drivers on projects. Communicates client interests and drivers to project team members and develops approaches to accommodate these concerns in the performance of the work on moderately complex projects. Focuses on client's current needs and situations. May offer other services to the client. Typically provides support to business development or pursuit activities.

Actively manages project changes directly with the Client with supervision from the Project Manager.

Technical Expertise:

Actively advances knowledge management of the enterprise and provides mentoring. As a subject matter expert, has additional expertise in a technical area, participates in professional societies by presenting papers, participates on technical committees, and assists with code/standard authoring. Is externally recognized in industry as an expert which enhances the Company brand. 

Operations/Management:

Typically oversees performance management, career planning, recognition, learning and development, and corrective actions.
Typically oversees performance management, career planning, recognition, learning and development, and corrective actions.
Administrative responsibilities may include office administration. Ensures policies, procedures, and processes are effectively implemented and communicated for workgroup. Ensures adherence to corporate and division programs. May approve timesheets and expense reports.

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced knowledge of engineering design principles and applicable design guides and standards related to extra high voltage (EHV) overhead transmission design, 345kV and higher.
Working knowledge of custom structure framing & loading development along with experience coordinating with tubular steel pole and/or lattice tower vendors. 
Working knowledge of applicable electrical studies to consider during EHV OHTL design.
Advanced ability to interpret engineering deliverable content as assigned. 
Intermediate industry knowledge and technology trends
Intermediate knowledge of company quality program
Intermediate knowledge of construction & constructability practices & principles
Intermediate knowledge of procurement & contract administration
Working knowledge of process, procedures for project controls and estimating
Advanced knowledge of technical aspects of the proposal process
Intermediate business & financial acumen
Intermediate knowledge of company/division/HR programs, policies, procedures, and organization structure
Intermediate knowledge of management techniques & administrative practices

Minimum Qualifications

Requires a bachelor's degree in engineering from either a recognized accredited program in their home country or the country in which the professional is practicing
Minimum of 11 years related work experience
All applicants must be able to complete pre-employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/all of the following: criminal/civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.

Certifications
Most positions – depending on the nature of work performed as defined by the division – will typically require incumbents to have professional registration or licensure in their designated home office country, or be in active pursuit* of such registration. Additional professional registration or licensure may be needed when practicing or on assignment in a different country. Exceptions may be approved by division management on a case by case basis.

Work Environment/Physical Demands
Hybrid or flexible work options may be offered after the first 90 days of employment based upon manager discretion, job performance and work assignments.

Salary Plan
ENG: Engineering

Job Grade
132

Black & Veatch endeavors to make www.bv.com/careers accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process because of a disability, please contact the Employee Relations Department at +1-913-359-1622 or via our accommodations request form . This contact information is for disability accommodation requests only; you may not use this contact information to inquire about the status of applications. General inquiries about the status of applications will not be returned.

Black & Veatch is committed to being an employer of choice by creating a valuable work experience that keeps our people engaged, productive, safe and healthy.

Our comprehensive benefits portfolio is a key component of this commitment and offers an array of health care benefits including but not limited to medical, dental and vision insurances along with disability and a robust wellness program.

To support a healthy work-life balance, we offer flexible work schedules, paid vacation and holiday time, sick time, and dependent sick time.

A variety of additional benefits are available to our professionals, including a company-matched 401k plan, adoption reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, vendor discounts, an employment referral program, AD&D insurance, pre-taxed accounts, voluntary legal plan and the B&V Credit Union. Professionals may also be eligible for a performance-based bonus program.

We are proud to be a 100 percent ESOP-owned company. As employee-owners, our professionals are empowered to drive not only their personal growth, but the company's long-term achievements - and they share in the financial rewards of the success through stock ownership.

By valuing diverse voices and perspectives, we cultivate an authentically inclusive environment for professionals and are able to provide innovative and effective solutions for clients.

BVH, Inc., its subsidiaries and its affiliated companies, complies with all Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) laws and regulations. Black & Veatch does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender Identity and expression, disability, veteran status, pregnancy status or other status protected by law.

For our EEO Policy Statement, please click here .

Notice to External Search Firms: Black & Veatch does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be obligated to pay a placement fee for unsolicited resumes. Black & Veatch Talent Acquisition engages with search firms directly for hiring needs.
