Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Sectra
Role Name: Technical Project Manager, Upgrades
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278624885&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Are you a service-minded problem solver? Do you want to put your leadership and communication skills to use to ensure our projects deliver the utmost value for our customers and their patients? We are currently looking for a Project Manager to work as a part of our Upgrades team.

As a Project Manager on our Upgrades team, you will have the opportunity to learn about Sectra's products, processes, and customers. You will have the opportunity to gain hands on experience with our product upgrades, early visibility into the latest and greatest versions of our technology, work across multiple different departments and teams, as well as interact with our global product developers. By seeing the organization from this perspective, you will build a stronger network and have a better understanding of how the Upgrades process works to better serve our customers. This approach not only exposes you to our technology operations, but also helps you build an understanding of our business - knowledge that is invaluable for a successful career at Sectra. You will get to work alongside our Upgrades Team to ensure that all projects are met on time and efficiently. You will be key in providing annual upgrades of our products to our customers and you will work closely with our Engineers, Application Specialists, and fellow Project Managers.

As a Project Manager on our Upgrades team, you will have the opportunity to:

Project manage simultaneous upgrade projects from initial kick off through post go live issue resolution
Plan, schedule, and document upgrade activities and outcomes from project meetings
Work with customers, upgrade team members, and account team members to successfully complete upgrade projects
Identifying, tracking, and escalating project and product issues/concerns
Provide weekly reports on project and issue status to management
Travel as required (less than 25%)

,

For this position, the following requirements apply:

A Bachelor’s degree in a related industry discipline, or equivalent
Fluency in English
Less than 3 years' experience in a technical project management type role 
Strong attention to detail, organized and accountable for actions
Proficient technical aptitude along with knowledge of delivering IT services
Ability to learn quickly and independently in the context of an activity: seeks opportunities to extend and deepen learning
Highly self-motivated and flexible: able to work in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team, yet also work independently on complex problems

We Offer

A professional workplace with fantastic colleagues, who also have fun at work
A work environment where your voice will be heard and where your efforts make a difference
The ability to work with products that bring real benefits to society
An environment that features technically advanced systems and where patient safety and efficient workflows are key aspects
An international environment with the opportunity to work in, or with, other countries and cultures
Greater depth of knowledge on Sectra's products, processes, and customers
Exposure to the newest versions of our technology and the latest products
A dynamic team experience, the ability to work across all departments and work with product developers in our global organization

Other information:

We recruit on an ongoing basis. The goal is for the right candidate to start as soon as possible or date.

Learn more about our recruitment process here.

The salary range for this position is between $70,000 and $102,000, based on experience and qualifications.

Sectra combines numerous pay and benefit strategies to provide a comprehensive and competitive total rewards package. The total rewards package includes comprehensive benefits, retirement plan plus matching and career development programs.

Sectra celebrates diversity and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to an inclusive environment for all employees and applicants and will make all employment-related decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, or veteran status.
