Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: The Standard
Role Name: Project Manager III - American Heritage
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $85K to $92K
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274358621&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
The next part of your journey is right around the corner — with The Standard. 

A genuine desire to make a difference in the lives of others is the foundation for everything we do. With a customer-first mindset and an intentional focus on building strong teams, we’ve been able to uphold our legacy of financial stability while investing in new, innovative technologies that support the needs of our customers. Our high-performance culture focused on operational excellence thrives thanks to remarkable people united by compassion and a customer-first commitment. Are you ready to make a difference?

Job Summary

The PM III plans and manages multiple concurrent projects of varying complexity, priority, and risk that focus on voluntary benefits enrollment process enhancements, compliance changes, and related business processes and systems.

Projects may span two or more departments, rely on new technologies, possess large capital budgets, or have significant impact on Information Technology infrastructure. Projects may also be critical to maintaining market-share or shareholder confidence and value, while delivering cost-effective and architecturally compatible solutions.

Project Managers facilitate cross-functional and cross-organizational team members in a matrixed-managed environment. They are responsible for project communications, project schedule and financial management, issue and risk tracking, project documentation, and change management activities.

Project Managers apply their business and technical knowledge to ensure that deliverables are produced on time, within budget, and in accordance with quality standards. When appropriate, Project Managers initiate corrective actions to maintain projects within expected parameters.

Principal Duties & Responsibilities:

KNOWLEDGE: Uses skills as a seasoned, experienced professional that requires in-depth conceptual and practical expertise in own discipline. This job is the fully qualified, journey-level position. 
JOB COMPLEXITY: Solves complex problems. Takes a new perspective on existing solutions. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Explains difficult of sensitive information where greater interpretation is required.
SUPERVISION: Works independently and receives minimal guidance. Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience.

Skills And Background You’ll Need

Experience: Minimum 5 years of exposure to industry systems and concepts
i.e. Agile and traditional project management, Jira, Salesforce, Selerix, EasyAppsOnline or EAO, Employee Navigator, Plan Source
Education: High School Diploma required, Bachelor’s degree preferred
Certification: PMI CaPM or PMP, industry-standard Agile certification preferred

Key Behaviors of a Successful Candidate

Improvement Mindset: Continually seeks new ways to apply digital and non-digital solutions to drive innovation, efficiency, effectiveness and transformation to create business/customer value.
Adaptability: Recognizes and is open to changing circumstances and alters behavior as necessary.
Driving Success: Takes action, initiates activity, pursues ambitious goals with persistence and shows resilience in the face of obstacles and setbacks.

The target compensation for this role will be $85K to $92K annually.

Why Join The Standard?

We have built an enduring legacy of stability, financial strength and exceptional customer service through the contributions of the service-oriented people who choose to work at The Standard. To ensure we can attract and retain the best talent, when you join The Standard you can expect:

A rich benefits package including medical, dental, vision and a 401(k) plan with matching company contributions
An annual incentive bonus plan
Generous paid time off including 11 holidays, 2 wellness days, and 8 volunteer hours annually — PTO increases with tenure
A supportive, responsive management approach and opportunities for career growth and advancement 
Paid parental leave and adoption/surrogacy assistance
An employee giving program that double matches your donations to eligible nonprofits and schools

In addition to the competitive salary range below, our employee-focused benefits support work-life balance. Learn more about working at The Standard.

Eligibility to participate in an incentive program is subject to the rules governing the program and plan. Any award depends on a variety of factors including individual and organizational performance. 

Salary Range:

$74,500.00 - $108,750.00

Positions will be posted for at least 5 days from original posting date.

Standard Insurance Company, The Standard Life Insurance Company of New York, Standard Retirement Services, Inc., StanCorp Mortgage Investors, LLC, StanCorp Investment Advisers, Inc., and American Heritage Life Insurance Company and American Heritage Service Company, marketed as The Standard, are Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability or veteran status or any other condition protected by federal, state or local law. Except where precluded by state or federal law, The Standard will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. The Standard offers a drug- and alcohol-free work environment where possession, manufacture, transfer, offer, use of or being impaired by an illegal substance while on The Standard's property, or in other cases which the company believes might affect operations, safety or reputation of the company is prohibited. The Standard requires a criminal background investigation and employment, education and licensing verification as a condition of employment. All employees of The Standard must be bondable.
