Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Sunshine Water Services
Role Name: Project Manager - Utilities
Location: Altamonte Springs, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4275001029&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Who We Are

Nexus Water Group is a leading regulated water and wastewater utility serving more than 1.3 million people across 20 U.S. states and 2 Canadian provinces.

“Nexus” means connection. Through the essential water and wastewater services we deliver, we have a very personal connection to the people, businesses, and communities we serve. This is why our operations are locally led and managed. Every day, over 1,300 professionals deliver vital, safe, and reliable service through over 670 water systems and 360 wastewater systems.

What We Offer

Paid Time Off: Starting at 3 weeks annually along with 11 company-paid holidays
Health and Wellness Benefits: The first day of the month after your start, you’ll have access to your health, dental, prescription and vision benefits to help you stay well. 
401(k) Program with Matching Contribution: We offer a 100% match on contributions up to 4% of your salary, plus an additional 3% employer contribution.
Grow With Us: Professional development opportunities through training, professional certifications, and education allowance. 
Additional Benefits: Other great benefits include company provided life insurance and Employee Assistance Program just to name a few.
Employee Resource Groups (ERG): ERGs are voluntary employee groups that form based on shared characteristics or backgrounds and are sponsored by the organization. 

Overview

The Nexus Water Group team has an opportunity for a Project Manager - Utilities. This role will be responsible for water and wastewater utility construction projects from initial contract negotiations through startup and warranty termination.

Work Location and Schedule

This position will be based in Altamonte Springs, FL with some travel.

What You'll Do

Develop and oversee complex water and wastewater construction project plans from initiation to closure, adhering to milestone and deadlines.
Responsible for all project documentation and communication development.
Tracks all project financial information, such as forecasting, budgeting, actuals, hours worked and expenses, etc.
Works with vendors for engineering, construction etc. and managing their progress against project budgets, schedules, operational constraints and scope. 
Creates and maintains activity and progress reports for internal and external stakeholders.
Works with the Construction Inspectors to determine construction progress, deficiencies, and issues.
Coordinates project activities and personnel. 
Processes and monitors project procurement paperwork in a timely manner 
Ensures the success of projects, while remaining within scope, quality, time and budget constraints. 
Notifies management staff of any current or pending escalations, issues or decision relating to projects, or items that could impact the success of projects.
Coordinates and completes the work necessary to obtain approval on emergency projects. 
Assists with forecasting and planning capital projects up to 5 years in advance. 
Communicates relevant project information to internal or external project stakeholders and the public, facilitates communication between parties, and creates and maintains activity and progress reports.
Attends project team status meetings as required. 
Performs other related duties as assigned.

Experience

What You'll Bring

Requires a minimum of 3 years engineering experience, preferably related to water and/or wastewater projects and design. 

Education and Licenses

Bachelor’s Degree in Civil/Environmental Engineering, Project Management or similar field required
Must maintain a valid driver’s license

Knowledge, Skills And Abilities

Proficiency with MS PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Outlook; ability to learn internal software programs
Proficiency with Microsoft Project and/or other project management software
Proficiency with project management methodologies
Ability to understand project management financial management
Ability to calculate basic mathematical equations.
Ability to read engineering drawings and reports
Ability to read permitting documentation, commission reports, contracts and other technical information
Ability to read and interpret soil and hydro-geological reports and maps. Ability to prioritize work, including approvals, that will ensure the projects are managed to schedule 
Ability to document accurate information and provide reports. 
Ability to follow verbal and written instructions.
Excellent organizational and problem-solving skills, including negotiating, decision-making research and analysis, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to foster a safe working environment for fellow workers and vendors.
Ability to effectively communicate and interact with employees, project stakeholders, including the public. 
Ability to understand and implement a variety of projects, construction, engineering and operations field’s concepts, practices and procedures.
Ability to motivate others in the pursuit of Company goals.

Work Environment

Moderate physical demands; may include lifting (40 lbs.), walking (2+ miles), climbing.
May occasionally or frequently travel between worksites on company time.
May work on a moderate amount of mentally or sensory stimulating tasks.
Normal office environment, some duties may be performed on the field.

About Our Company

We are a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic or condition protected by Federal, state, or local law.

We are an E-Verify participating employer.

Job Identification 1411 
Posting Date 05/23/2025, 01:53 PM 
Degree Level Bachelor's Degree 
Job Schedule Full time 
Locations 200 Weathersfield Ave, Altamonte Springs, FL, 32714, US
