Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Banyan Software
Role Name: Senior Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4242915883&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
Banyan Software provides the best permanent home for successful enterprise software companies, their employees, and customers. We are on a mission to acquire, build and grow great enterprise software businesses all over the world that have dominant positions in niche vertical markets. In recent years, Banyan was named the #1 fastest-growing private software company in the US on the Inc. 5000 and amongst the top 10 fastest-growing companies by the Deloitte Technology Fast 500. Founded in 2016 with a permanent capital base setup to preserve the legacy of founders, Banyan focuses on a buy and hold for life strategy for growing software companies that serve specialized vertical markets.

Senior Project Manager- Hancock Software

About The Company

Hancock Software is a leading SaaS solutions provider specializing in cutting-edge Energy Efficiency Program Management software that empowers utilities to reduce their customer’s energy consumption to address accelerating electricity demand and greenhouse gas reduction goals. We have a proven platform currently in use on programs with five of the top twelve rated energy efficiency utilities in the country. Our mission is to deliver innovative and user-friendly software solutions that meet the evolving program management needs of our clients in the Utilities and State Government sectors.

Job Summary

The Senior Project Manager will play a critical role following the execution of new customer contracts, leading the end-to-end rollout of Hancock Cloud. This individual will coordinate efforts between the customer, Hancock Software’s leadership team, development, and IT to ensure a seamless deployment process.

They will serve as the primary liaison between clients and Hancock Software, leveraging conferencing platforms such as Skype, GoToMeeting, Zoom, or similar tools to facilitate effective communication. The role requires regular interaction with various customer stakeholders to understand onboarding requirements and ensure successful adoption of the product.

Strong communication with Hancock’s internal management is essential, as is the ability to manage projects from initiation through completion without disruption. The Senior Project Manager must demonstrate a proactive and organized approach, consistently representing Hancock Software with professionalism and accountability.

This employee will be one of the points of contact for all matters related to the guidance of new customers, management and staff. Assist or arrange all training needed for new users. Ensure that all contractual obligations are being met.

Duties/Responsibilities

Lead the rollout process for new customers.
Be able to outline and develop the rollout plan with clarity and fluidity.
Perform as a liaison between the customer and Hancock Software.
Ensure adherence to all contractual requirements.
Exceed all deadlines and budget requirements.
Be able to document processes clearly and concisely.
Be able to train new users on all aspects of the product.
Work with designers, developers and IT to ensure delivery of the expected features.
Test from a customer point of view to ensure quality and functionality.
Work with teams in India and China in the early morning or evening times.
Support ongoing customer needs after rollout is complete.

Required Skills/Abilities

Ability to think critically, be proactive and be a self-starter.
Excellent communicator to customers, Hancock management and developers.
Be fluid in all job functions and can change as needed.
Follow-up and follow through on each portion of the project is essential.
Excellent communications skills including online meeting etiquette and email correspondences.

What We Offer

Competitive salary and attractive commission structure.
Comprehensive benefits package, including health, dental, and vision insurance.
Opportunities for professional growth and development.
Dynamic and supportive work environment.
Flexible work arrangements.

How To Apply

If you are passionate about software sales and have a strong understanding of energy efficiency solutions, we would love to hear from you! Please submit your resume and a cover letter detailing your relevant experience and why you are the perfect fit for this role. Join us in transforming the way utilities manage their energy consumption with our innovative SaaS energy efficiency program management solutions!

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Equal Employment Opportunity at Banyan: Banyan affirms that inequality is detrimental to our Global Teams, associates, our Operating Companies, and the communities we serve. As a collective, our goal is to impact lasting change through our actions. Together, we unite for equality and equity. Banyan is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of any protected characteristic, including race, color, genetic information, creed, national origin, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, lawful alien status, ancestry, age, marital status, or protected veteran status and will not discriminate against anyone on the basis of a disability. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance.
