Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Siemens Energy
Role Name: Project Manager - Nuclear Generator Major Projects
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4217613782&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
A Snapshot of Your Day

The Project Manager will lead cradle-to-grave project management oversight of the engineering, manufacturing, delivery and installation of upgraded components for Canadian Nuclear Generator Projects and other complex projects. Generator upgraded equipment includes stators, rotors, excitation equipment, auxiliaries, and other balance of plant systems.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Serve as primary connection with external customers and internal stakeholders (including marketing, engineering, district service offices, factories, order management, finance, etc.).
Establish effective communication with partners regarding regular project updates, design reviews, factory testing, contract deliverables, and witness points.
Maintain and control project financials including emergent contract issues, change orders, etc. Develop Plans to deliver Quality and Risk Management for the project.
Ensure engineering and hardware deliverables are complete in line with Canadian Nuclear Standards (N299) and customer technical specifications.
Work with customer procurement partner to document hardware Quality Testing and Inspection results. Implement Zero-Harm directives for overall project safety performance.


What You Bring

Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or related, or combined equivalent work/education background. PMI or IPMA Certification is a bonus; but if not yet completed, must successfully complete IPMA certification within three years of starting.
5+ years experience in customer relationship management and previous project management or field service experience demonstrating capabilities in implementing large, complex high-value projects (with concentration on generators preferred).
These projects typically contain appreciable and complex design engineering content; proficient understanding of overall design, installation, and operational complexities of generators, excitation equipment, and auxiliary systems is preferred (steam and combustion turbine knowledge is a bonus).
Able to gain unescorted access to nuclear power plants.
Required travel 15% including internationally!
Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States without need for current or future employer-sponsored work authorization. Siemens Energy employees with current visa sponsorship may be eligible for internal transfers.


About The Team

Gas Services

Our Gas Services division offers Low-emission power generation through service and decarbonization. Zero or low emission power generation and all gas turbines under one roof, steam turbines and generators. Decarbonization opportunities through service offerings, modernization, and digitalization of the fleet.

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. With ~100,000 dedicated employees in more than 90 countries, we develop the energy systems of the future, ensuring that the growing energy demand of the global community is met reliably and sustainably. The technologies created in our research departments and factories drive the energy transition and provide the base for one sixth of the world's electricity generation.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Find out how you can make a difference at Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Rewards

Career growth and development opportunities; supportive work culture
Company paid Health and wellness benefits
Paid Time Off and paid holidays
401K savings plan with company match
Family building benefits
Parental leave


https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs
