Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Talentify.io
Role Name: Assistant Project Manager, CEQA/NEPA Specialist | Remote in SoCal
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283004981&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
About You

Are you passionate about the environment and ready to join an inclusive workplace, committed to leading new ideas and pathways and to delivering value? If the answer is "Yes!" then we have an exciting career opportunity for you.

Who are we? We are Montrose, a global environmental services provider offering environmental planning and permitting, measurement and analytical services, and environmental resiliency and sustainability solutions. Our qualified engineers, scientists, technicians, associates, and policy experts are proud of our collective expertise and the collaborative nature of our approach to helping clients. We strive to optimize environmental resiliency in a way that effectively complements our clients' decision-making and operations and efficiently fulfills their project requirements.

We have over 125 offices across the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia and are approaching 3,500 employees - all ready to provide solutions for environmental needs.

A DAY IN THE LIFE

Our Assistant Project Manager, CEQA/NEPA Specialist position can be performed remotely; however, the ideal candidate must be based in the Southern or Central California region and possess California-specific environmental expertise and knowledge.

Our Assistant Project Manager, CEQA/NEPA Specialist will complete environmental review for projects subject to the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA), National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), and policy frameworks of various Native American governments. This position would be part of a collaborative team environment and would work closely with and receive support from Project Managers.

As a key member of the team, this role will be responsible for a full range of activities, including:

Prepare and assist with overseeing projects related of CEQA, NEPA, and other environmental compliance documents. Sections may address aesthetics, noise, hazardous materials, air quality, ghg emissions, traffic, socioeconomics, land use, water resources, geology, and more.
Provide environmental planning guidance and project management to help with environmental impact analysis support, coordination on biological and cultural assessment support, document production support, and coordination for other associated environmental studies or analysis.
Compose letters, technical memorandums, and technical reports as needed
Collaborate with our in-house biologists, archaeologists, and other analysts, as well as outside technical specialists.
Become proficient in QA/QC of data results, and reporting
Become knowledgeable of regulatory standards in various Cities, Counties, states, etc. and interpret data and observations to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and industry guidelines
Utilize time effectively to complete assigned tasks within assigned timeframes and communicate with Project Managers when potential issues arise that may inhibit performing tasks within the allotted schedule
Ability to work on projects at all levels of project life cycle.
The selected candidate will coordinate with sub-consultants and project team members, and interact with clients and regulatory agencies.
Responsibilities will include assisting Project Managers with budget and schedule tracking, along with other project management duties.
Participate in the company's continuous improvement programs and provide support to team efforts.
Keep up-to-date and current on industry trends by completing formal training, reviewing professional publications, and attending professional workshops.

Your Expertise And Skills

To perform this job successfully, individuals must be able to perform each duty and responsibility satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Environmental Science, Biology, Chemistry, Environmental Studies, or similar from an accredited four-year college or university
3+ years of experience in field of study
Knowledge of computer software (Microsoft Office, Google Suite, etc.)
Strong problem solving and written/verbal communication skills
Outgoing/team player with strong problem solving skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks and priorities
Organizational skills and attention to detail a must
Works independently to quickly and accurate solve assigned tasks with minimal oversight

Preferred Qualifications

Ability to manage a project that involves multiple subjects with urgent deadlines.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. Th
