Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Pape-Dawson
Role Name: Senior Project Manager - Land Development
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Daylyn "Day" Perez
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4206218574&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Description

Leading land development firm Poulos & Bennett is actively seeking a Civil Engineering Senior Project Manager for immediate employment in their Orlando, Florida office. This position provides a unique opportunity to join an established, well-respected, and growing Land Planning, Civil Engineering, and Construction Management firm with a variety and diverse range of projects. Our teams develop solutions to policy and design challenges and focus on providing our Clients with the highest quality services and technical expertise.

Responsibilities

 Engage with and supervise design team activities related to residential and commercial developments
 Manage multiple projects and develop new project opportunities
 Experience with Land Development/Site Design, Stormwater and Utilities and permitting with local and state regulatory agencies
 Manage project scopes, schedules, and budgets. Attend meetings with clients and regulatory agencies

Skills And Abilities

 Excellent verbal, written and communication skills
 Ability to manage a team and client
 Attention to detail/organized
 Understanding of stormwater, utility design and land development
 Experience with ICPR, WaterCAD and AutoCAD
 Works well in a team environment

Qualifications

 10+ years of civil engineering experience
 Project Management experience required
 Experience in Florida preferred
 BS in Civil/Environmental Engineering
 Licensed Professional Engineer (Florida)

Who We Are

This position provides a unique opportunity to join an established, well-respected, and growing Land Planning, Civil Engineering, and Construction Management firm with a variety and diverse range of projects. Our teams develop solutions to policy and design challenges and focus on providing our Clients with the highest quality services and technical expertise.

As of 2023, Poulos & Bennett has partnered with Pape-Dawson to bring cutting edge technology, a vast network of engineers, and deep multidisciplinary subject matter knowledge to our projects. With our new capabilities and reach, we are positioned to improve the quality of work and life for the entire team! We now team with over 1,500 people across multiple states and 19 offices while retaining a unique local culture and strong ties to our community.

Join us today!

Poulos & Bennett Culture

When working at P&B, our teammates enjoy the benefits of a relaxed office environment that ensures professional development, mentorship, collaboration, and friendship.

Our culture is based on collaboration, accountability, empowerment, recognition, and continuous learning. P&B, ranked one of the region’s Best Places to Work by the Orlando Business Journal for the past two years, offers a dynamic, fun and family feel atmosphere with a focus on professionalism and employee growth.

EEO Statement

All qualified applicants for Pape-Dawson Engineers will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
