Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Solenis
Role Name: Corporate Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: On-site
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: talentacquisition@solenis.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274235440&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Solenis is a leading global producer of specialty chemicals focused on delivering sustainable solutions for water-intensive industries, including consumer, industrial, institutional, food and beverage, and pool and spa water markets. Owned by Platinum Equity, the company’s product portfolio includes a broad array of water treatment chemistries, process aids, functional additives, and cleaners and disinfectants, as well as state-of-the-art monitoring and control systems. These technologies are used by customers to improve operational efficiencies, enhance product quality, protect plant assets, minimize environmental impact, and create cleaner and safer environments.

Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, the company has 69 manufacturing facilities strategically located around the globe and employs a team of over 16,100 professionals in 130 countries across six continents. Solenis is a 2024 US Best Managed Company, recognized fouryears in a row. For more information about Solenis, please visit www.solenis.com.

The Corporate Project Manager will work with local commercial teams to provide on-site training and support to ensure best account management practices are in place and secure. They will manage chemical conversions by training crews on application and safety for significant new business projects. As well as provide chemical equipment planning and installation, ensuring proper implementation of chemical applications and continuous improvement.

Qualifications

10+ years of industry experience (pulp and paper or water treatment preferred)
5+ years of Account management at multiple sites
Documented results solving complex and non-routine technical problems
 Project management of complex projects
Strong relationship management skills
Experience learning new concepts and/or technology and applying them
Ability to work with autonomy and direct/coach indirect reports
Experience working with multi levels in an organization to achieve results
Prior experience that required excellent communication skills
Documented results using a consultive sales process
Industry and customer literate, or ability to pick up industry and Solenis technologies quickly
Customer focused
 Leadership ability
Drive for results; proactively addresses complex issues
Strong Problem solving and Communication skills
Ability to establish relationships at all levels of management
Fluency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint)

Experience in Tissue & Towel a strong plus.

We understand that candidates will not meet every single desired qualification. If your experience looks a little different from what we’ve identified and you think you can bring value to the role, we’d love to learn more about you.

At Solenis, we understand that our greatest asset is our people. That is why we offer competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits which include medical, dental, vision & 401K, and numerous opportunities for professional growth and development. So, if you are interested in working for a world-class company and enjoy solving complex challenges, whether in the lab or the field, consider joining our team.

Solenis is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer, including Minorities / Women/ Veterans / Disabled. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Should you require assistance in applying to this opportunity, please reach out to Solenis Talent Acquisition at talentacquisition@solenis.com

The expected compensation range for this position is between $121,500.00 and $202,500.00 plus discretionary bonuses. The exact compensation may vary based on your skills, experience and other factors permitted by law.
