Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: PARIC
Role Name: Assistant Project Manager – Traveler
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4253244898&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Description

About PARIC

Since 1979, PARIC has been a leader in general contracting, construction management, and design-build services. As one of the largest, privately-held companies in the Midwest, we are committed to investing in our communities and building lasting client relationships.

At PARIC, our employees operate in alignment with our core values, ensuring a safe, client-focused approach that delivers excellence on every project. We hire top talent, provide cutting-edge tools and training and turn our clients’ visions into reality.

PARIC’s Core Values

POWER OF ONE TEAM – Because people are the force behind every success. We have unity in purpose and diversity in talent.

EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS – Because surpassing all expectations is so profoundly satisfying. This commitment to excellence extends to every employee and to every project.

ENHANCING OUR COMMUNITY – Because we build more than buildings. We give our time, talents and resources to a range of community efforts.

DOING WHAT WE SAY – Because as the adage says: “You’re only as good as your word.” If we say something is going to happen, it will happen.

RELENTLESS EVOLUTION – Because if you’re not learning from your mistakes, you’re not growing. We embrace positive change, face challenges head-on and get even better with every project.

Position Overview:

We are looking for an Assistant Project Manager to join our Team! In this role you’ll be an integral part of a high-performing team, helping deliver impactful projects. You’ll work side-by-side with experienced leaders, gaining hands-on experience in project execution, financial management, and team coordination. This is a travel-based position focused on delivering complex industrial projects, including manufacturing and food & beverage facilities, as well as mission-critical data centers.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with Project Managers and Superintendents to drive project execution and ensure alignment on schedule, budget, and scope
Assist with financial performance by supporting job cost forecasting, reporting, and timely resolution of outstanding financial issues (within 30 days)
Manage subcontractor and vendor buyouts, ensuring timely execution and alignment with project goals to maximize savings
Maintain and update project schedules in scheduling software; communicate schedule changes to subcontractors and clients
Support the change order process including billing, documentation, and client meetings; help resolve subcontractor issues and facilitate dispute resolution
Develop a working understanding of contract language, critical clauses, and notification requirements
Contribute to the creation of site logistics and build plans that align with budget, timeline, and constructability goals
Apply problem-solving skills and past experience to propose creative solutions that improve efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance quality
Ensure project compliance with all PARIC and client-specific quality standards and safety protocols
Build strong relationships with owners and stakeholders through clear, consistent communication and follow-through
Mentor and support junior team members, contributing to overall team development and performance
Other duties as assigned.

Skills And Qualifications

Required:

Bachelor’s or Associate’s degree in Construction Management, Engineering, or related field
4+ years of experience in a construction project support or management role
Understanding of contract terms, scheduling software, and cost tracking tools
Strong communication and collaboration skills

Preferred:

Experience in subcontractor negotiation and buyout processes
Exposure to multiple project types and delivery methods
Familiarity with Procore, Primavera, or other project management tools

Why Join Us?

We offer comprehensive benefits including but not limited to medical, dental, and vision coverage, flexible PTO, 10 Paid Holidays per year, life and AD&D, short and long-term disability coverage, participation in a 401k program that includes company match, and many other additional voluntary benefits.
Career development and professional growth opportunities.
A collaborative and inclusive workplace culture rooted in our core values.

AAP/EEO Statement

PARIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected Veteran status.
