Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Integration Project Manager - AI Ultrasound
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $116,840.00-$175,260.00
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283107727&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for GE Healthcare. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Job Description Summary

The GEHC Advanced Visualization Solutions (AVS) segment, a fast-growing business in GE HealthCare, is the global leader in ultrasound medical devices and solutions. The portfolio spans the continuum of care to enable customers with ultrasound screening, diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of diseases. Our customers are seeking to improve efficiency in radiology and beyond and increase user confidence to provide better clinical outcomes continues to grow. Consequently, the need for AI, digital solutions, and automation, connecting devices and software in one seamless ecosystem continues to proliferate.

The Caption Health SBU focuses on clinical applications that aid in early disease detection, using AI to assist in conducting ultrasound scans. The Integration Project Manager drives alignment with segment roadmaps and leads detailed development planning with segment and device teams to deliver integrated, market-ready solutions.

Job Description

Essential Responsibilities:

Lead cross-functional planning and execution of AI integration projects across Ultrasound segments. 
Align integration efforts with segment-specific roadmaps and strategic priorities. 
Collaborate with Product, Clinical, Regulatory, Quality, and Engineering teams to define milestones and deliverables. 
Serve as the primary point of contact for integration project status across internal and external stakeholders. 
Track progress, manage resources, and escalate constraints or risks with mitigation strategies. 
Ensure regulatory and compliance requirements are met throughout integration. 
Facilitate communication between segment and device teams to ensure cohesive development planning. 
Support product roll-out and field readiness for integrated AI solutions. 
Other duties as assigned. 

Basic Qualifications

A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field. 
Minimum 5–8 years of technical project management experience in healthcare software or medical device R&D, with a focus on AI or software integration. 
Proficiency in project management tools and methodologies.. 
Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening. 
Must be willing to travel as required. 

Preferred Qualifications

Experience in regulated healthcare environments, enterprise software, machine learning, or software development. 
Familiarity with ultrasound technologies and clinical workflows. 
Strong problem-solving and organizational skills. 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills across diverse teams. 
Proven ability to manage multiple projects with structured planning and execution. 
Ability to navigate ambiguity and drive decisions in dynamic environments. 

For U.S. based positions only, the pay range for this position is $116,840.00-$175,260.00 Annual. It is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the pay range and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. The specific compensation offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including skills, qualifications, experience and location. In addition, this position may also be eligible to earn performance based incentive compensation, which may include cash bonus(es) and/or long term incentives (LTI). GE HealthCare offers a competitive benefits package, including not but limited to medical, dental, vision, paid time off, a 401(k) plan with employee and company contribution opportunities, life, disability, and accident insurance, and tuition reimbursement.

Additional Information

GE HealthCare offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE HealthCare is an Equal Opportunity Employer (https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights_10_20.pdf) . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE HealthCare will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

While GE HealthCare does not currently require U.S. employees to be vaccinated against COVID-19, some GE HealthCare customers have vaccination mandates that may apply to certain GE HealthCare employees.

Relocation Assistance Provided: No

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
