Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Red Nucleus
Role Name: Senior Project Manager (L&D)
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4273309283&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Red Nucleus is hiring a Senior Project Manager to join our global team! This is a remote based role located in the US or Canada.

Our purpose is advancing knowledge to improve lives. We succeed by being the premier provider of strategic learning and development, scientific advisory services, and medical communications solutions for the life sciences industry. Our global team is composed of nearly 900 full-time employees whose commitment to creativity, quality, and on-time delivery is unrivaled in our space.

At Red Nucleus, we believe in providing a rich working environment that pushes us to innovate in ways that engages our employees to be their best selves. Our culture is about meaningful work, a true sense of community and fun. We love to celebrate our people and we are proud to have been Internationally recognized as a “Great Place to Work".

How You Will Contribute In this position, you will be working with our Learning & Development division. For more information about our team, please visit L&D I Red Nucleus.

About Us

Red Nucleus is the leading provider of strategic learning, performance, and process solutions for the life sciences industry. Our team is composed of more than 400 full-time employees whose commitment to creativity, quality, and on-time delivery is unrivaled in our space. At Red Nucleus, we work in an environment that fosters trust, self-expression, and the ability to excel in our careers. We are proud to have been recognized as one of the “Best Places to Work in PA” for all 4 years that we have been headquartered in PA.

Our Work

The types of projects we work on are diverse, spanning from pre-launch to post-launch positions of a brand lifecycle, across multiple audiences. Examples include

Design and development of new drug and medical device launch curricula for sales representative and medical science liaison audiences
Patient journey videos
Interactive MOA animations
Designing virtual clinical environments in which learners interact with HCPs and patients
Workshop design, development, and live support for new product launches, national sales meetings, and plan-of-action meetings
Patient, HCP, and KOL podcasts


Our Clients

We work with life sciences companies of all sizes, from companies who are bringing their first product to market, to the largest multinational firms, including all 10 of the top 10 pharmaceutical companies by revenue.

Your Responsibilities

Serving as the primary point of contact for external client contacts as well as an internal multi-functional team
Managing project budgets, timelines, resources, and deliverables (including, but not limited to, e-learning, mobile, virtual preceptorships, instructor led/virtual workshops, games, video, and print)
Reviewing and ensuring the overall quality of deliverables
Determining project revenue recognition and forecasting and creating project invoices
Assisting with proposal/pitch development (solution, timeline development, resource allocation, etc.)
Ensuring solutions are sound/appropriate for our client’s needs
Creating Statements of Work


Requirements

B.A. or equivalent experience managing and designing blended learning solutions
At least 3 years of project management experience within a digital agency
Demonstrated ability to manage complex projects within budget and scope, as well as to assess and manage client expectations
Exceptional interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills
Ability to handle multiple tasks, and to prioritize those tasks
High level of motivation, ability to deal with pressure, and adaptability
Ability to project a professional, consistent image
Experience with the financial aspects of project management (budget planning, revenue recognition, invoicing, etc.)
General understanding of the skills required to create blended learning products including multimedia authoring, multimedia artistry, programming, media creation and quality assurance, and knowledge of multimedia delivery platforms
General understanding of user interface design principles, as well as browser-related standards
Willingness to travel periodically to client meetings, workshops, and sales pitches


Desired Knowledge, Skills And Abilities

Knowledge and experience in the life sciences industry a plus
Pharmaceutical, medical device, and/or biotechnology sales training experience a plus
Educational background in business


Red Nucleus is an equal opportunity employer.
