Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Kimley-Horn
Role Name: Senior Project Manager, Practice Builder - Aviation
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4275011159&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Overview

Kimley-Horn has an opportunity for a motivated Senior Project Manager, Practice Builder to expand our Aviation practice in Orlando, Florida!

Responsibilities

The qualified individual will lead and expand an Aviation team and practice while building and managing relationships with key clients
 Review design documents & drawings for airside and landside Aviation projects, including grading, drainage, pavement design, specifications, and construction safety plans 
 Prepare analysis reports in support of airport planning, design, and construction 
Leadership responsibilities include:
Operating with integrity and sound business principals
Providing vision, business planning and strategy
Establishing goals
Building and maintaining positive client relationships
Having open communication with your partners and team
Our Project Managers/Practice Builders manage their projects profitably, transition work to qualified staff, grow and mentor staff, and act as a positive leader and mentor
The successful candidate will be given a great deal of autonomy to lead, direct, and grow their business
With success, this individual will enjoy the rewards of an impressive bonus program with the potential to advance to ownership
Qualifications

15 years+ of relevant experience managing airport design and construction projects
Registered Professional Engineer (P.E.) license
Strong technical skills with AutoCAD Civil3D 
Business development and marketing experience including writing proposals, scopes of work, and budgeting for projected work
Ability to effectively communicate positively at all levels of the organization
Ability to manage & mentor staff, and direct resources effectively in a positive manner
Demonstrated ability to manage land development projects profitably

 Why Kimley-Horn? 

At Kimley-Horn, we do things differently. People, clients, and employees are at the forefront of who we are. Clients know we prioritize achieving their goals and growing their success. Employees know our culture and approach to business are built on a desire to provide an environment for everyone to flourish. Our commitment to quality is only as good as the people behind it— that’s why we welcome and develop passionate, hardworking, and proactive employees. We take pride in how our employee retention, robust benefits package, and company values have led to Kimley-Horn’s placement on the Fortune “100 Best Companies to Work” list for 17 years!

Key Benefits at Kimley-Horn

Exceptional Retirement Plan: 2-to1- company match on up to 4% of eligible compensation (salary + bonus) and additional profit-sharing contribution.
Comprehensive Health Coverage: Low-cost medical, dental, and vision insurance options.
Time Off: Personal leave, flexible scheduling, floating holidays, and half-day Fridays.
Financial Wellness: Student loan matching in our 401(k), and performance-based bonuses.
Professional Development: Tuition reimbursement and extensive internal training programs.
Family-Friendly Benefits: New Parent Leave, family building benefits, and childcare resources.
