Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Luxoft
Role Name: Project Administrator/Coordinator (IT Infrastructure)
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Ievgeniia Maslovska
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278323017&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Project Description:
Defining work strategies, aligning these with resources and desired client outcomes, and oversight of planning and execution of the work
Ensuring technology solutions are managed to support business strategies, often working with senior management
Directing the integration of technical aspects of all related projects/programs.
Monitoring financials to ensure budget compliance
Responsibilities:
ISC Experience as an IT Project Administrator/Coordinator on large complex IT projects. Previous infrastructure technology experience such as server, network, IT security, and data center infrastructure, for application, middleware, database and web environments.
Proficiency with MS Project, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.
Experience with financial and time reporting in a project environment.
Work with a sense of urgency and ability to use considerable judgment to determine solutions, necessary escalations and to seek guidance on complex problems. Supervisory experience not mandatory

Experience in managing IT projects, initiatives, and deliverables.
Familiarity with integration processes, practices, methodologies, and terminology.
Excellent collaboration, negotiation, and influencing skills.
Experience with hardware and software provisioning, procurement, contract interpretation, and compliance policies and processes.
Understanding of IT infrastructure, networking, and datacenter migration, including Microsoft email solutions.
Ability to analyze requirements and document them.
Skills in project issue and risk mitigation/resolution.
Experience in creating and managing implementation/deployment plans.
Effective project communication and follow-up.
Demonstrated experience managing multiple technical project deployments of varying complexity across global teams.
Hands-on experience to access various systems and provide system support
Flexible to work in early morning and late evening hours
Hands-on experience in using innovation/automation tools; GenAI, Power Automate etc.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Strong experience utilizing SDLC and integration methodologies for project implementation/deployments.
Supervisory experience is not mandatory.
Mandatory Skills Description:
ISC Experience as an IT Project Administrator/Coordinator on large complex IT projects. Previous infrastructure technology experience such as server, network, IT security, and data center infrastructure, for application, middleware, database and web environments.
Proficiency with MS Project, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.
Experience with financial and time reporting in a project environment.
Work with a sense of urgency and ability to use considerable judgment to determine solutions, necessary escalations and to seek guidance on complex problems
Nice-to-Have Skills Description:
PMP Cert is a plus
