Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Siemens
Role Name: Senior Fire Alarm Systems Project Manager
Location: Winter Park, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $82,320 - $141,120
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4231933663&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Here at Siemens, we take pride in enabling sustainable progress through technology. We do this through empowering customers by combining the real and digital worlds. Improving how we live, work, and move today and for the next generation! We know that the only way a business thrives is if our people are thriving. That’s why we always put our people first. Our global, diverse team would be happy to support you and challenge you to grow in new ways. Who knows where our shared journey will take you?  

Our Smart Buildings help to create efficient, safe, adaptable, and responsible environments. Our aim isn’t just about improving buildings; it’s about creating perfect places that improve people’s lives. 

Transform the everyday with us!

Senior Project Managers coordinate and deliver multiple, simultaneous fire and life safety projects of various complexities, which contributes to creating safer environments in critical institutions such as hospitals, universities, and industrial facilities. As a Senior Project Manager, your fiscal and managerial oversight across all project facets ensures client satisfaction, effective resource allocation, and safe, timely completion of projects.

As a Senior Project Manager, you will: 

 Evaluate project specifications, drawings, and related documents to understand project intentions, establishing comprehensive project schedules in coordination with the team while identifying crucial installation timelines
 Oversee the procurement of supplies and materials required for project completion, and actively participate in project cost reviews to ensure financial efficiency
 Assist the Operations Manager in contracting subcontractors, coordinating their activities to align with the project scope, schedules, and fiscal requirements while ensuring adherence to safety regulations
 Conduct orientations for project technicians, providing all necessary project documentation such as scope of work, technical drawings, project contacts, and application-engineered diagrams
 Diligently track project resources and progress, documenting any events impacting the schedule, scope, and overall efficiency; identify and pursue opportunities for project-specific change orders
 Manage project-specific billing coordination with the accounting team and Operations Manager, schedule commissioning resources, expedite the return of mark-ups for as-built development, and ensure timely completion of project-specific close-out documentation

You will make an impact with these qualifications:  

Basic Qualifications: 

 High school diploma or state-recognized GED 
2+ years of technical experience in the commercial fire and life safety or related industry
 Must be able to demonstrate:
 Knowledge of local and national (NFPA) fire alarm codes and regulations
 The ability to read and understand drawings and specifications and electrical, network, and control wiring diagrams
 Experience with Microsoft Office and Microsoft Project
 Must be 21 years of age and possess a valid driver's license with limited violations
 Legally authorized to work in the United States on a continual and permanent basis without company sponsorship

Preferred Qualifications: 

 Associate or bachelor's degree in mechanical or electrical engineering preferred
 8+ years of experience in the commercial fire and life safety industry

You’ll benefit from:  

Siemens offers a variety of health and wellness benefits to our employees. Details regarding our benefits can be found here: https://www.benefitsquickstart.com/siemens/index.html 
The pay range for this position is $82,320 - $141,120 and the annual incentive target is 10% of the base salary. The actual wage offered may be lower or higher depending on budget and candidate experience, knowledge, skills, qualifications, and premium geographic location. 

 

Ready to create your own journey? Join us today.

About Siemens: 

We are a global technology company focused on industry, infrastructure, transport, and healthcare. From more resource-efficient factories, resilient supply chains, and smarter buildings and grids, to sustainable transportation as well as advanced healthcare, we create technology with purpose adding real value for customers. 

Our Commitment to Equity and Inclusion in our Diverse Global Workforce

We value your unique identity and perspective. We are fully committed to providing equitable opportunities and building a workplace that reflects the diversity of society, while ensuring that we attract the best talent based on qualifications, skills, and experiences. We welcome you to bring your authentic self and transform the everyday with us.

#VeteranCareers

#TransitioningServiceMember

#MilitarySpouse

 #Zone4-EREF Low voltage, Electrical wiring, fire alarms, Fire Alarm Technician, fire alarm system, Fire alarm control panel, Building safety interfaces, safety devices, nicet, nfpa, axis ax, wheelock, exceder, 4100es, truealert, safelinc, next-in protection, firelite, fire light, fire-light, silent knight, simplex, siemens, notifier, edwards, est, gamewell, mircom, fike, vigilant, siemens xls, siemens mxl

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

Siemens is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.

EEO is the Law

Applicants and employees are protected from discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any characteristic protected by Federal or other applicable law.

Reasonable Accommodations

If you require a reasonable accommodation in completing a job application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please fill out the accommodations form by clicking on this link Accommodation for disability form. If you’re unable to complete the form, you can reach out to our AskHR team for support at 1-866-743-6367. Please note our AskHR representatives do not have visibility of application or interview status.

Pay Transparency

Siemens follows Pay Transparency laws.

California Privacy Notice

California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.

Criminal History

Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with applicable local and state laws.
