Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: ServiceMaster Recovery Management - North America
Role Name: Commercial Project Coordinator
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $70,000-$80,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: atweacknowledge@servicemaster.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274393123&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Description

We Play to Win!

Big goals. Big achievements. Big impact.

ServiceMaster employs empowered and engaged teams, delivering growth in an ever-evolving world. Our goal is to double in size over the next few years, which means ambition and risk-taking are part of our daily life. If you are tired of the status quo and complacency, join our team to help franchisees dominate in their respective areas. You’ll be around other winners chasing big goals, guaranteed to bring out the best work of your career! 

What We Offer

Medical, Dental, and Vision start the first day of the month following your date of hire
401 (k) match
15 days paid time off and paid holidays, including 2 floating holidays
Career growth and advancement

Commercial Project Coordinator

We are searching for a Commercial Project Coordinator to manage and maintain national account client relationships at the highest level within the client’s organization. In this role you will serve as the central communication and contact hub for the client, company and service department, as well as assisting sales management and teams in identifying and executing growth strategies/opportunities.

What You Will Do

Dispatch new losses or follow up on dispatched new losses and work with the client and responding franchise until completion of the project / client satisfaction. Ensure responding franchise or company understands all account guidelines, pricing, billing format, and time restraints for each particular account.
The ability to resolve and negotiate quality and service issues with responding franchise and vendors.
Effectively leads the day-to-daymanagementof all customer interaction and service with successful outcomes delivering against (Cost, Quality, and Speed) resolution metrics.
Drive world class customer service. Clear, concise, timely, consistent communication tomanagementand customers (e.g. issue requestor, clients, senior level leadership, etc.). This includes updates and resolution status to appropriate parties. Be utilized as an expert resource in relation to these systems and coach, guide and counsel on issues related to it.
Projectmanagementcapabilities including ability to organize and prioritize site specific issues. Ability to shift priorities based on business needs while still meeting expectations.
Strong ability to track and document files and vendor portals on a daily basis.
Analyze data and contracts, gather evidence/facts, determine root cause, engage appropriate partners and apply critical thinking skills to make decisions driving the best possible outcomes. Develop strategies and execution plans to drive operational efficiencies.
Ability to negotiate with multiple constituencies including vendors, franchises, multiple levels of retailmanagementand corporate partners.
Be a resource to the franchise network. Assist with writing scopes, how to properly mitigate a commercial loss, documentation, and daily reporting.
Track and manage vendor invoices, work orders, and requests.
Navigate estimate/invoice submission platforms required of SM franchise network.
Efficiently and accurately review franchise/vendor estimates in order to ensure the scope of work is in line with project and client needs.
Ability to audit SRM, SM, and vendor invoices. Negotiate settlements and reach fair agreements.
Help educate/train SM franchises on invoicing issues. Be a resource to help improve the invoicing process for the network.
The ability to resolve and negotiate invoicing disputes with vendors and franchises.
Work in unison with Project Auditing team to ensure efficient and accurate transition from projects in progress to the review process.
Maintain vendor portals to ensure all documentation is kept up to date and is accurate.
Maintain National Account Matrix to ensure all SLA’s and account requirements are captured and are updated as needed.
Provide regular loss reporting to national clients via file reporting portals.

What You Will Bring

Sense of urgency, professional appearance and demeanor, positive attitude, and strong workethic.
Some travel may be required (CAT events, team meetings, Large Projects, or Hurricane events)
Position requires On-Call status to follow up on dispatched losses when necessary.
Proficient with Microsoft Office programs (Access, Excel, and Word).
Proficient with restoration industry programs (Restore 365, XactAnalysis, Xactimate), or equivalent.
Time and Material estimating programs.
Willing to work nights and weekends when necessary or requested.
Ability to travel periodically without restriction.
Understanding of Hazardous materials, including asbestos, lead paint, mold and IICRC
Unsanitary water categories 2, 3, and Special Situations strongly preferred.
Communications skills, both written and oral.
Time management skills; Organizational skills.
Ability to execute job functions with minimal supervision.
Customer service experience.

Compensation Details

The salary range for this position is$70,000-$80,000plus bonus

Location:

This role is 100% remote and can be based anywhere in the U.S., excluding Los Angeles County

About ServiceMaster Brands

ServiceMaster® Brands® is a leading franchise provider of needs-based residential and commercial services in the restoration, cleaning, moving, and bioremediation industries. Founded in 1929, the company is home to over 3,200 franchisees across 4,600+ locations serving over 1,000,000 homes and businesses each year. ServiceMaster was founded with a deep commitment to integrity and customer service and does business under seven brands today across 50 states and nine countries that generate more than $3.5B in system-wide sales: ServiceMaster Restore®, ServiceMaster Clean®, ServiceMaster BioClean®, Merry Maids®, TWO MEN AND A TRUCK®, TWO MEN AND A JUNK TRUCK®, and Indoor Science.

While each brand maintains a distinct identity, we share a commitment to our vision toBecome the most admired brand in each industry we serve. Working as part of our team means bringing your best ideas to work every day and seeing the impact of your contributions. Stars in our company at all levels are builders—they love to create, lead and see their plan come to life. Our best people understand that while great ideas are important, they require incredible focus and teamwork to execute.

We live by our purpose toBe there when you need us™. This extends to our team members, where we are dedicated to our team’s growth, well-being, and success- every step of the way.

ServiceMaster Brands is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.

Roark Capital Group acquired ServiceMaster Brands in October 2020. Roark focuses on investing in the consumer and business services sectors, with a specialization inmulti-location and franchised businesses.Since inception, affiliates of Roark have invested in 100 multi-location, franchised brands, which collectively generate $62 billion in annual system revenues from 66,000 locations in 50 states and 89 countries. Please visit www.roarkcapital.com to learn more.

It is the policy of ServiceMaster Brands, in accordance with all applicable laws, to recruit, hire, train, and promote persons in all job titles without regard to race, color, national origin, genetic information, religious beliefs, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, pregnancy, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected classifications, activities, or conditions as required by federal, state and local laws.

If you are unable to complete this application due to a disability, contact this employer to ask for an accommodation or an alternative application process atweacknowledge@servicemaster.com

California Applicants

Background checks are required, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for Employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.

Privacy Policy:https://www.servicemaster.com/california-applicant-privacy-notice/
