Status: pending
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Apex Companies
Role Name: Project Manager - Water/Wastewater
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4277278077&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Are you highly motivated, hard-working, and seeking to join a growth-focused consulting & engineering firm? Are you looking for a company that will invest in your development and grow your professional skills? If so, consider a career with Apex!

Powered by record sales, extraordinary client retention, strategic acquisitions, and an entrepreneurial spirit, Apex Companies is one of the fastest growing engineering and environmental consulting firms in the US. We were recently recognized by the Zweig Group as one of the fastest growing firms in the AEC industry. We take pride in providing our clients with exceptional service and have earned numerous awards for project excellence. We continue to grow, and we want you to grow with us.

Our Northeast Division is a well-respected and award-winning group where career development, training, and mentoring co-exist with diverse civil, environmental, water resources, and traffic/transportation projects in a fast-paced and challenging work environment.

We are seeking a talented Project Manager to manage our Water, Wastewater, and Water Resources practice based in the New England area. The selected employee will provide technical lead for a variety of utility design related projects, including treatment plants, pump/booster stations and water distribution systems.

This position can be based in one of our Greater Boston area offices or can be fully remote and located anywhere in the United States. This position may require 10-20% travel.

Primary Responsibilities

Supervises and directs individuals or teams of technical staff on complex projects and/or multiple simple projects.
Assist in the training and technical development of staff by various means including holding training seminars, providing technical guidance during project execution, and bringing new technical developments in-house.
Consults with other technical staff and Project Managers on technical issues in the area of expertise and provides technical reviews on projects that he/she may otherwise may not be involved.
Recognizes the potential risks of nonstandard technical matters or potential legal disputes by participating in required insurance training to minimize the firm's liability.
Works with minimal direction or supervision through demonstrated success with similar project responsibilities.
Oversees technical accuracy of project through regular communications with project staff, review of plans, specification, reports, and calculations to ensure compliance with the firm's standards.
Make technical presentations to the client and at public meetings to review and discuss project details.

Additional Responsibilities

Project Management:

Initiate projects: Prepare proposals/scopes of work and project budgets for approval by Principal. For assigned projects, complete project initiation documents that include detailed scope/outline, budget, and schedule for completion.
Manage project implementation: With assigned project team, ensure that all steps and procedures are taken according to company operating procedures and that all work is completed as planned and scheduled. This includes keeping the client informed of the on-going status of a project and providing adequate management, advice, and support to the members of the project team.
Coordinate/communicate with peers and subconsultants: Work with other project managers to avoid or eliminate conflicts in schedule due to the changes in various projects.
Supervise interdisciplinary teams: Coordinate subcontractors and staff on the execution and scheduling of the project scope of work.
Provide technical advice: Contribute to the developments of recommendations for assigned projects and others, when requested.
Prepare high quality reports: Ensure that the review process and other quality control guidelines are followed and that final reports and presentations are completed per company standard operating procedures using standard company formats.
Client management: Meet regularly with key clients to discuss current projects, evaluate firm performance and identify other business opportunities either with current clients or through referrals.

Business/Fiscal Management

Budget tracking and invoicing: Track all projects costs, including labor and expenses, versus the project, and ensure that invoices are issued to the client in a timely manner in accordance with company policy.
Communicate opportunities: Present potential new business or resource information, competitive situation or technology/regulatory factors to the company.
Control costs: As part of the management of each project ensure that costs are kept in line with the original budget for time, travel, and material expenses. Discuss variations with supervisor and issue project notices to reflect agreed upon changes.
Maximize project profitability: Through appropriate project budgeting/pricing, utilization of resources and cost controls, maximize the profit margin on individual projects.

Marketing/Business Development

Be a public relations ambassador: Be proactive in presenting and communicating the capabilities and strengths of the company.
Maintain marketing materials: At the conclusion of each project, or major task within a project, develop a project description for that project/task in accordance with approved company formats to be used as marketing materials.
Relationship building: Solicit new clients/projects. In interfacing with potential or existing clients, listen for and seek out new projects that may exist or being formulated. Set up meetings and/or participate in the development of proposals requested.
Prepares proposals, participate in project interviews, attend and participate in public meetings, prepare fee proposals, and prepare contracts and present information to new and future potential clients
Prepares contracts and negotiates fees associated with new projects.

Administrative

Manage and develop project staff: Recognize the strengths and areas needing improvement for assigned project staff. Manage, support, and evaluate each individual towards achieving his or her maximum potential. Performs annual reviews of staff.
Coordinate workload with staff and other Project Managers including forecasts and coordination of staff and resources.

What We're Looking For

Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering and 9+ years of related experience of increasing responsibility, or a Masters Degree in a relevant field with 8 years of related experience.
Registered Professional Engineer or other Professional Registrations as appropriate for their primary field of expertise in State(s) where EP does work or ability to obtain same by reciprocity.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with clients, staff, subconsultants and contractors through effective leadership, and demonstrated written and verbal communication skills.
Strong understanding of state and federal regulatory framework and experience interacting with regulators in the local and technical areas where Apex does work.
Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong desire to manage and mentor junior staff.
Valid driver’s license is required.

Apex Job Title: Project Manager

Req ID 10345

Annual Expected Pay Range: $95,000 USD - $160,000 USD

We believe in equality for all and celebrate the diversity and differences of our employees, customers, and communities. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Apex aims to make apexcos.com accessible to all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, please contact Talent@apexcos.com or (301) 417-0200. Likewise, feel free to reach out to us if you would like to view or discuss Apex policy related to equal employment opportunity or have any related concerns. EO/AA/VEV/Disabled Employer

TO ALL RECRUITMENT AGENCIES: Apex Companies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes for any of our job postings to our career’s sites, or to any employees of Apex Companies or affiliates. Apex Companies is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
