Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Jobot
Role Name: Construction Superintendent - Florida Based Commercial Projects
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $130,000 - $155,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4273306779&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page!

Job details

ENR Top Ranked Commercial GC with a Growing Presence in Florida looking to Bring on a Lead Superintendent for Florida Projects! Large Bonuses, Best in Class Benefits, Work Flexibility!

This Jobot Job is hosted by Ben Kimbrel

Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button and sending us your resume.

Salary $130,000 - $155,000 per year

A Bit About Us

Based in the Southeast with a growing office in SW Florida, we are a $1B+ National Commercial General Contractor! Our core values are centered around our people and our clients. We believe that putting your employees first is not only the right thing to do, but it also gives us the competitive edge to ensure our clients have an excellent experience! Over the years our reputation for providing our people with the very best has caught the eye of some reputable companies who have chosen to use us as their Prime Contractor! We build light industrial, self storage, large retail, multi-family and healthcare projects throughout the Southeast.

We are looking for our next great superintendent to join the team for Florida based projects!



Why join us?


Do you want to work with top clients and be part of a top Southeast Firm!?

 Competitive Base Salary!
 Competitive Bonus Package!
 Extremely Competitive Benefits Package!
 Flexible Work Schedules!
 Company Truck/Truck Allowance!
 Per Diem and Paid Living Expenses!
 Local Florida work only!
 ESOP Plan!

Job Details

Is your background a fit? Apply if you meet this criteria

 5+ years’ experience in Construction Field superintendent
 Extensive experience with ground up commercial work valued over $10M
 Schedule and look ahead experience with Procore or other construction software preferred
 Must be willing to travel up and down the West Coast of Florida

We can offer you the opportunity to work on great Projects and make a meaningful impact on today's society and the next generation! Help us revolutionize the construction industry and enjoy accelerated career growth with a great company!

Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Easy Apply" button.

Jobot is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide an inclusive work environment that celebrates diversity and all qualified candidates receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

Sometimes Jobot is required to perform background checks with your authorization. Jobot will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with any applicable federal, state, or local law regarding criminal backgrounds, including but not limited to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

Want to learn more about this role and Jobot?

Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page!
