Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Bee Talent Solutions
Role Name: Equipment Qualification and Testing Project Coordinator
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4271012546&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Our client is seeking to Contract with a highly motivated Project Coordinator who is focused on the management of testing and qualification engineering activities, coordination of interfaces between project teams, and facilitation of engineering work planning. 

This includes interfacing with multiple engineering teams on a daily/weekly basis to coordinate required activities, develop detailed schedules for technical work execution of testing activities, and support individual teams in forecasting a variety of needs to successfully meet project milestones. 

The successful candidate will coordinate with engineers working on plant level functions, systems, components, and/or engineering analyses to provide comprehensive coverage of project management-related schedule functions.

Responsibilities:
Manage detailed schedule logic tie interfaces for design control package activities within the Equipment Qualification and Testing group, as well as the external logic links to other engineering team areas. 
Create and track milestones alignment to task activities. Support project fiscal year schedule, resource, and budget planning efforts.
Manage modifications to the high-level engineering schedule through interfaces with the project controls organization on behalf of engineering. 
Initiate and facilitate change process approvals for new and emerging engineering activities consistent with project scheduling standards.
Support the coordination of technical integration team meetings and status updates.
Develop, refine, and manage the standard test activity sequences in preparation for schedule development of future tests. 
Generating detailed versions for specific test activities, implement those sequences in the detailed schedule, and maintain those sequences on a weekly basis.
Gather status reporting from testing teams and manage updates to project reporting venues. 
Provide periodic status updates to key engineering leaders and identify pinch points in resource allocations and/or sequence timing.
Manage cost plan inputs into the high level schedule. Gather and track actual dollars spent and correlate spend to schedule line items. Report on remaining budget available for test activities.

Required Qualifications and Skills:
B.S. or higher in a relevant Engineering discipline from an accredited university and 4+ years direct experience with project management.
PMP certification preferred
Experience with testing preferred
Demonstrated experience in project management of engineering activities in the nuclear field, or similar energy, infrastructure or aerospace fields.
Strong understanding of technical schedule management, including project reporting, schedule development, logic sequences, and resource forecasting.
Experience with Atlassian tools – specifically Confluence and JIRA – is required.
Experience with Primavera P6, Microsoft Project or additional equivalent project management tools a plus.
Strong Excel skills is a plus.
Excellent communication and organization skills.
Attention to detail and aspiration for excellence.
Candidate must be a self-starter and possess ability to coordinate and lead cross-functional efforts with minimal direction.
Ability to handle projects that include many competing objectives and design constraints, with ability to resolve conflicts between priorities.
The successful candidate will possess a high degree of trust and integrity, communicate openly and display respect, and a desire to foster teamwork.
Actual position starting level and title will be determined based on assessment of qualifications.
