Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Black & Veatch
Role Name: Sr. Substation Project Engineering Manager
Location: United States
Type: Hybrid
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4265040923&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
Together, we own our company, our future, and our shared success.

As an employee-owned company, our people are Black & Veatch. We put them at the center of everything we do and empower them to grow, explore new possibilities and use their diverse talents and perspectives to solve humanity's biggest challenges in an ever-evolving world. With over 100 years of innovation in sustainable infrastructure and our expertise in engineering, procurement, consulting and construction, together we are building a world of difference.

Company : Black & Veatch Corporation

Req Id : 109225

Opportunity Type : Staff

Relocation eligible : Yes

Full time/Part time : Full-Time

Project Only Hire : No

Visa Sponsorship Available: Yes

Why Black and Veatch

Black & Veatch allows you to lend your talent and perspective to humanity’s biggest challenges in a flexible environment where you are empowered to grow and explore new possibilities. We offer competitive compensation; 401K match and benefits that start day 1. Our hybrid environment allows you to balance your work and personal life.

At Black & Veatch, you own your career with purpose and meaning. You are empowered to grow and explore new possibilities at every step of your career journey. Bring your big ideas knowing you are safe to be who you are and speak up with concerns or questions and put your diverse talents and perspectives to use. 

The Opportunity

As the Substation Project Engineering Manager, you will have the opportunity to:

Lead a multi-discipline team of engineers and technicians
Manage diverse and challenging projects across our portfolio of design services and EPC programs
Oversee design quality, budget, and schedule
Support client interaction, proposals, and business development

The Team
BV’s business is driven to meet clients’ rapidly changing infrastructure needs. Our business continues to invest in renewable energy to power the future and support BV’s vision of more sustainable solutions. By joining our business, you will have the opportunity to be at the forefront of helping our clients with the most innovative energy solutions.

Explore our substation capabilities: Substations | Black & Veatch

Key Responsibilities
Develops and manages budget, schedule, and quality requirements across multiple disciplines for assigned projects
Actively manages project changes directly with the Client in coordination with the Project Manager
Reviews lower-level engineering work or assignments. Responsible for coordinating multiple discipline activity and may serve as the engineer of record for assigned projects
Develop good working relationships with project leadership, design teams, and support staff
Communicates client interests and drivers to project team members and develops approaches to accommodate these concerns in the performance of the work
Provides support to business development and pursuit activities
The position will entail occasional travel to support site visits, design reviews, and client meetings
Consistently and independently applies knowledge and complies with Black and Veatch quality program
Ensures client and industry standards are maintained on assigned projects
Provides guidance, mentorship, and direction to team members

Preferred Qualifications

P.E. License highly preferred
Experience managing Engineering, Procurement, Construction (EPC) or design services substation and switchyard projects for investor owned utilities in the United States
Eight years of experience in design of substation facilities with strong understanding of overall project lifecycle, layout design and optimization, relay protection & control, civil/structural designs, and technical knowledge of major equipment associated with substation facilities.
Good communication skills and interest in engaging with Clients to grow relationships
Advanced knowledge of engineering design principles and applicable design guides and standards
Working knowledge of procurement process and contract administration
Working knowledge of the proposal process and developing engineering estimates

Minimum Qualifications

Requires a bachelor's degree in engineering from either a recognized accredited program in their home country or the country in which the professional is practicing
Minimum of 11 years related work experience
All applicants must be able to complete pre-employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/all of the following: criminal/civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.

Certifications
Most positions – depending on the nature of work performed as defined by the division – will typically require incumbents to have professional registration or licensure in their designated home office country, or be in active pursuit* of such registration. Additional professional registration or licensure may be needed when practicing or on assignment in a different country. Exceptions may be approved by division management on a case by case basis.

Work Environment/Physical Demands
Hybrid or flexible work options may be offered after the first 90 days of employment based upon manager discretion, job performance and work assignments.
Ability to utilize audio/videoconferencing software tools for internal/external communication
Sitting/standing/computer usage for extended periods of time
Travel to client sites

Salary Plan
ENG: Engineering

Job Grade
132

Black & Veatch endeavors to make www.bv.com/careers accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process because of a disability, please contact the Employee Relations Department at +1-913-359-1622 or via our accommodations request form . This contact information is for disability accommodation requests only; you may not use this contact information to inquire about the status of applications. General inquiries about the status of applications will not be returned.

Black & Veatch is committed to being an employer of choice by creating a valuable work experience that keeps our people engaged, productive, safe and healthy.

Our comprehensive benefits portfolio is a key component of this commitment and offers an array of health care benefits including but not limited to medical, dental and vision insurances along with disability and a robust wellness program.

To support a healthy work-life balance, we offer flexible work schedules, paid vacation and holiday time, sick time, and dependent sick time.

A variety of additional benefits are available to our professionals, including a company-matched 401k plan, adoption reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, vendor discounts, an employment referral program, AD&D insurance, pre-taxed accounts, voluntary legal plan and the B&V Credit Union. Professionals may also be eligible for a performance-based bonus program.

We are proud to be a 100 percent ESOP-owned company. As employee-owners, our professionals are empowered to drive not only their personal growth, but the company's long-term achievements - and they share in the financial rewards of the success through stock ownership.

By valuing diverse voices and perspectives, we cultivate an authentically inclusive environment for professionals and are able to provide innovative and effective solutions for clients.

BVH, Inc., its subsidiaries and its affiliated companies, complies with all Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) laws and regulations. Black & Veatch does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender Identity and expression, disability, veteran status, pregnancy status or other status protected by law.

For our EEO Policy Statement, please click here .

Notice to External Search Firms: Black & Veatch does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be obligated to pay a placement fee for unsolicited resumes. Black & Veatch Talent Acquisition engages with search firms directly for hiring needs.
