Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: DynaFire
Role Name: Experienced Fire Sprinkler Project Manager
Location: Daytona Beach, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278388829&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Description

We are seeking a Fire Sprinkler Project Manager to oversee and supervise all fire sprinkler construction-related tasks while keeping management informed of any issues that arise. The Fire Sprinkler Project Manager will support customers by addressing construction-related questions and concerns to ensure effective resolutions are provided. This role is also responsible for coordinating construction schedules and working with administrative personnel to ensure all required job-specific inspections are properly arranged and completed. The Fire Sprinkler Project Manager will be in charge of ordering necessary materials from vendors in accordance with best practices and job estimates. Additionally, they will collaborate with all DynaFire personnel to ensure each project is brought to a successful and positive conclusion.

Communicate well with all customer(s).
Maintain a good working relationship with the AHJ.
Supervise all fire sprinkler construction team members.
Identify areas of need and assist with the training regiment.
Perform quality control over all fire sprinkler construction installations including rough in and final inspections.
Complete project related paperwork as required including permitting.
Schedule all fire sprinkler construction work as required.
Assist fire sprinkler construction personnel when needed to ensure the project is installed and completed per the job requirements.
Assist with any design, layout, field surveys, and/or customer meetings as needed.
Review ongoing projects on a daily basis.
Manage and assist personnel with the inputting of man hours in ExakTime.
Responsible for the procurement of material(s), rental equipment and supplies for projects.
Provide an aggressive and proactive approach to customer and/or customer needs.
Make all efforts to ensure the project is completed within time and on budget.
Ensure that all material, tools and rental equipment is removed from the job upon completion.
Ensure rentals are called off when no longer required for the project.
Maintain a professional and well groomed appearance.
Preferably be proficient in the use of a PC, specifically with Microsoft Office suite products.
Possess the ability to meet deadlines.
Have good follow up and time management skills.
Have the ability to work the man hours necessary to complete the projects as required. 

Requirements

Training and Certification Requirements:

Possess very strong skills in organization, and be able to prioritize tasks and choose the most important duties to complete first.
Possess at least 1 year of Collection experience
Possess good knowledge of office procedures and administration
Possess proficiency in computer software related to accounts receivable
Possess excellent attention to details and must be able to perform tasks accurately
Ability to analyze and solve problems
Possess excellent communication skills, on phone, in written and verbal forms
Superior spreadsheets skills and a good knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Google Suite.

What We Offer

Paid time off (PTO) and holidays.
Comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and vision insurance.
Short term and long-term disability.
401(k) matching.
Employer funded life insurance.
Opportunities for professional development and growth.
Employee Referral Program.

About Us

At DynaFire, we are your comprehensive partner for all fire and life safety needs. From expert support and installation to state-of-the-art sprinkler and fire alarm systems, we deliver tailored solutions to protect your business and assets. Whether you're looking to enhance security or ensure regulatory compliance, reach out to DynaFire today for industry-leading solutions and exceptional service.

DynaFire is an equal employment opportunity employer dedicated to promoting an inclusive, diverse, and innovative environment for our employees. We provide all qualified applicants with employment consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, childbirth, ancestry, national origin, age, protected veteran status, marital status, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state, or local laws.
