Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Epic
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=3849820350&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Please note that this position is based on our campus in Madison, WI, and requires relocation to the area. We recruit nationally and provide financial relocation assistance.

Implementing software that saves lives.

Join our Project Management team and drive impactful projects to improve patient care in healthcare organizations. Travel across the US (and abroad if you’re interested) as part of a team that leads software installations and ensures the success of newcomers to the Epic community. Use your project management skills to present to hospital leadership, coordinate end-user training, and provide comprehensive support as healthcare providers go live with our software. Enjoy autonomy in decision-making with our full support and guidance. No software experience required. Learn more about our team at https://careers.epic.com/jobs/project-manager/.

Manage projects at the most innovative health systems on the planet.

The top-ranked health systems in U.S. News and World Report are Epic customers. Our community includes major systems like the Mayo Clinic, Johns Hopkins, Cleveland Clinic, and Kaiser Permanente, as well as leading academic medical centers at the University of Wisconsin, University of Michigan, University of California, University of Texas, The Ohio State University, and many more.

Live affordably in a city known for its rising tech talent.

Epic is located just outside Madison, Wisconsin, the second fastest growing market for tech talent in the United States and home to the state capital and the University of Wisconsin. Madison, a city surrounded by water, has received accolades for being the greenest city in America (NerdWallet), the best city for renters (SmartAsset), the fittest city in America (Fitbit), and the third best metro in the US for young professionals (Forbes Advisor).

More than just important work.

Our uniquely themed campus was designed to heighten your ability to get stuff done in your office, a conference room, or by the fireplace in a comfy chair. All meals are restaurant-quality but cost only a few dollars, and they’re prepared by a team comprised of kitchen talent from restaurants around the country. And, after five years here, you’ll earn a four-week sabbatical anywhere in the world. Staff have kayaked in Patagonia, attended a Beyoncé concert in Ireland, built a library in Tanzania, and run a marathon in Antarctica.

We offer comprehensive benefits to keep you healthy and happy as you grow in your life and career, and your merit-based compensation will reflect the impact your work has on the company and our customers. You'll also be eligible for annual raises and bonuses, as well as stock grants, which give you an even greater stake in the success of Epic and our customers. Healthcare is global, and building the best ideas from around the world into Epic software is a point of pride. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we know that inclusive teams design software that supports the delivery of quality care for all patients, so diversity, equity, and inclusion are written into our principles. Please see our full non-discrimination statement at https://careers.epic.com/EEO.

Bachelor's degree or greater (any major)
A history of academic and professional success
Willingness to travel 25-60% of working days, with a typical month including 1-2 trips lasting 2-4 days
Eligible to work in the United States without visa sponsorship
Relocation to the Madison, WI area (reimbursed)
COVID-19 vaccination
