Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: SunShare
Role Name: Project Coordinator
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $60,000 to $80,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274396334&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
VISION
To be an unstoppable force in the responsible energy transition, rethinking conventional forms of energy and helping everyone do the same.
 MISSION
To power the world with creative and proven renewable energy solutions.

COMPANY SUMMARY
SunShare started a movement in 2011 with a simple idea: to give anyone with an electricity bill access to solar energy. Over a decade later, we’ve created something even bigger — a new way for utilities and consumers to move from centralized power generation to distributed energy, tap the power of the private sector, and tackle climate change in a cost-effective manner. SunShare is America’s oldest and most experienced community solar company. We develop, own, operate, and subscribe all of our projects, providing our customers and stakeholders an unparalleled experience. We believe making clean energy choices for businesses, institutions, homeowners, and renters should be easy and affordable, and that anyone with an electric bill should have the option to enjoy clean, solar energy. SunShare is a dynamic, fast-paced, and highly driven company, having developed more than 120 MWs of operational solar projects for both large and small utilities. Our unique focus is developing and operating community-based solar projects. Headquartered in Denver, we are committed to hiring and developing the best talent from around the world. All full-time SunShare employees are treated as company owners and receive equity ownership in the form of stock options.

MISSION OF ROLE:
Looking for a way to jumpstart a career in solar and speed the transition to renewable energy? You’ll be responsible for ensuring smooth internal operations and successful execution of solar project development from initial site identification through commercial operation. You’ll have an opportunity to learn the fundamentals of how a solar project is developed and will get to deliver results through engagement within a high performing, fast paced and innovative team. You’ll have great attention to detail, be tech savvy, able to dive into large data management and research projects and enjoy implementing and improving organizational processes. 

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Assist in the development and improvement of SunShare’s Project Management Office to drive and measure project timelines, cost, and overall success in accordance with department directives.
Onboard new projects into SunShare’s data systems and maintain key project data by performing data entry, document management, and quality control measures to ensure data integrity.
Conduct schedule update meetings to ensure all project activities are recorded and current; verify the timing, sequencing, and general understanding of project schedules; facilitate communication of change impacts and constraints to internal stakeholders when changes occur.
Coordinate payment requests and budget tracking with the Accounting Team; maintain reporting for the same.
Develop and maintain low-cost project management resources to minimize manual work and report on key business levers and metrics while identifying opportunities to eliminate redundant tools and procedures. 
Provide input related to project narratives and priorities to assist in schedule risk mitigation and decision making; prepare project management reports as requested for the same.
Coordinate title curative efforts within outside counsel.
Support project financial closing by creating and managing data rooms and supporting checklist efforts throughout transactions. 
Support other due diligence and development efforts on an as-needed basis.
This position will report to the Project Manager.·


DESIRED REQUIRMENTS AND EXPERIENCE:
Minimum 2 + years of relevant professional experience managing data, schedules, and projects.
Excellent verbal and written communication and organizational skills.
Experience working with legal documents and multiple stakeholders.
Real estate and title experience preferred.
Proficiency in using Microsoft Office, Adobe, Google Suite. 
Experience using Smartsheet, Salesforce, and Google Earth.
True passion to grow in a renewable energy career path. 
Excellent verbal and written communication, and organizational skills
Excellent problem-solving skills and willing to ask questions when needed.
Ability to work autonomously to achieve goals.

Compensation & Benefits

Annual salary range of $60,000 to $80,000 depending on experience.
Health insurance benefits with up to 100% of premiums covered by the company.
Company sponsored disability coverage.
Company sponsored life insurance coverage.
Eligibility to participate in a 401(k) plan.
Eligibility to participate in SunShare’s stock option plan.
Paid time off 
Paid Holidays 
Office closed on Christmas Day through New Year’s Day.
