Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: iA
Role Name: Sr. Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Hybrid
Salary range: $103,604 to $142,455.50,
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4275008608&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
The Role

We’re seeking a dynamic and experienced Sr. Project Manager to lead medium to large-scale initiatives and complex cross-functional projects. This role is ideal for a strategic thinker and strong collaborator who thrives in a fast-paced environment and has a passion for driving operational excellence. You’ll be leading projects from initiation through completion, guiding multi-disciplinary teams, managing stakeholder expectations, and ensuring on-time, on-budget delivery with exceptional quality.

What You’ll Do

Plans, coordinates, budgets, and manages medium to large scale projects from start to finish. 
Oversees, monitors, and directs the scope of a project. 
Selects subcontractors and schedules and directs their activities. 
Defines the goals of the project; brainstorms and collaborates with heads of departments, engineers, technicians, and designers to get a clearer picture of what the project can achieve. 
Develops the plan for a project, and prepares cost estimates, budgets, and work timetables. 
Defines elements of the project and the duties of the teams who will be involved in the project and develops drafts that outline the detailed objectives expected. 
Interprets and explains contracts and technical information to other professionals. 
Ensures the team achieves the project's deliverable without unnecessary delays, working closely with other departments to make sure no setbacks or complications arise. 
Identifies high priority tasks and balances the needs of the different tasks against the available resources and the project deadline. 
Works close with the Marketing, Accounting, and Sales Departments, analyzes prepared budgets, makes suggestions on cost-cutting methods, and sends periodic status reports. 
Reports project progress and budget issues to clients. 
Responds to work delays, emergencies, and other problems. 
Ensures compliance with legal requirements, building and safety codes, and other regulations.

Who You Are

Bachelor’s degree in a related field
At least 5 years project management experience 
At least 8 years project management experience in lieu of educational requirement.
Strong leadership, communication, and problem-solving skills
Proven ability to manage competing priorities, multiple workstreams, and cross-functional teams
High attention to detail with the ability to see the big picture
Proficiency with project management tools and willing to utilize new tools for effective management
Self-starter mentality with a high degree of accountability and ownership
Ability to travel (25%) as needed

It Would Be Great If You Also Have

Experience in tech-enabled services, healthcare, automation, or manufacturing industries
PMP or other relevant project management certification
Familiarity with Agile or hybrid project management methodologies

Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the U.S. Employer will not sponsor applicants for work visas.

Compensation

The estimated base annual salary range for this position is $103,604 to $142,455.50, though a candidate’s base annual salary shall be determined on a range of factors, including, but not limited to, qualifications and experience. This position may additionally be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus.

What are the perks?

Generous time off policy that allows you to put your family first
Opportunity to work on the cutting edge of pharmacy automation in a high growth tech company
Competitive benefits, salary, and talent development opportunities
Commitment to professional development and working for a company where your voice is heard

More About IA

iA® (Innovation Associates®) is a pharmacy fulfillment company that provides an integrated platform of capabilities to support Centralized and Community Pharmacy Fulfillment Solutions. With over 30 years of experience in the pharmacy fulfillment business, we have developed and implemented a suite of automation and software solutions that help deliver quick and sustainable business results. Our integrated Pharmacy Fulfillment Platform enables scalable solutions that helps run the prescription fulfillment process from prescription acceptance to delivery, supporting dynamic design flexibility to service pharmacies in a variety of volumes and settings. Our solutions improve workflow, and increase efficiency, while enabling more time for pharmacists to focus on their patients. iA works with pharmacy providers in the Commercial, Health Systems, Government, and Mail Order/eCommerce markets. iA can help customers transform their pharmacy. For more information, visit iARx.com .

Our Mission: We partner with providers to transform pharmacy through our leading-edge software enabled fulfillment technology and partners to deepen the patient-pharmacist relationship, enhancing patient safety and choice while increasing operational efficiency. iA empowers pharmacists to focus on patient care. iA can run the prescription fulfillment process from start to finish, helping pharmacies manage fulfillment and inventory to help lower costs, improve efficiency, increase safety, and provide comprehensive Rx tracking and real-time support.

Our Products

Software 
Modular Hardware 
Sophisticated Counting and Collation Devices

Our Core Values

Solutions Driven
Customer Centric
Championing Diversity
Empowering Ownership
Trust Daringly

To learn more about iA’s product, people and culture visit us at iARx.com OR check us out on  LinkedIn ,  Facebook , or  YouTube !

iA provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
