Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Escalent
Role Name: Project Manager - Primary Market Research (Pharma/Life Sciences) - Remote
Location: NAMER
Type: Remote
Salary range: $75,000 - $99,000.
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278385835&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Who We Are

Escalent is an award-winning data analytics and advisory firm that helps clients understand human and market behaviors to navigate disruption. As catalysts of progress for more than 40 years, our strategies guide the world’s leading brands. We accelerate growth by creating a seamless flow between primary, secondary, syndicated, and internal business data, providing consulting and advisory services from insights through implementation. Based on a profound understanding of what drives human beings and markets, we identify actions that build brands, enhance customer experiences, inspire product innovation and boost business productivity. We listen, learn, question, discover, innovate, and deliver—for each other and our clients—to make the world work better for people.

Why Escalent? Once you join our team you will have the opportunity to...

Access experts across industries for maximum learning opportunities including Weekly Knowledge Sharing Sessions, LinkedIn Learning, and more.
Gain exposure to a rich variety of research techniques from knowledgeable professionals.
Enjoy a remote first/hybrid work environment with a flexible schedule.
Obtain insights into the needs and challenges of your clients—to learn how the world’s leading brands use research.
Experience peace of mind working for a company with a commitment to conducting research ethically.
Build lasting relationships with fun colleagues in a culture that values each person.

Role Overview

People in our Project Management roles at Escalent lead the projects internally and externally from end to end, driving the logistics and owning any vendor relationships involved in our work, along with providing strategic recommendations to the insights team.

Project Management positions are accountable for making the project work for:

The Client (communication / on time delivery / quality / problem solving / sound process)
The Company (Escalent process / financials / budget / margin)
Our Partners / Vendors

You serve as:

The one who “keeps the trains on schedule”
Minder of the Scope, Time, Cost & Quality
Strategic lead in sample design, sourcing, and budgeting
Owner of project status updates to clients
Coordinator of resources for the project – whether internal or external

Base salary range for this role is $75,000 - $99,000. If this is not the right range for you, please check out our other openings. This position is 100% remote.

Responsibilities

You will work closely with colleagues in Insights & Consulting and Sales & Strategic Growth on bids and cost estimates for accurate design and pricing of our solutions and bring a project management discipline to delivering our work on-time, at high quality, within budget and ideally with a healthy margin.
Upon being awarded the work, you kick off the project with the internal systems and project team.
You are critical to the Insights & Consulting roles as well as our Operations teams and Centers of Excellence in communicating timelines and making sure they are ready to support an on-time, on budget delivery of milestone or final deliverables.
You will serve as a thinking partner to solve any problems encountered along the way.
Act as client-facing lead on all sample and logistics matters

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in business related field required. Advanced degree a plus. A combination of experience and education can be considered in lieu of four-year degree.
Minimum of 3 years of experience in project management for complex life sciences research projects at a full-service market research agency
Proven project management experience (including cost estimating, field management, timeline, compliance and budget management etc.) with a focus on primary market research (both qualitative and quantitative)
3+ years in a client-facing role, demonstrating excellent client relationship management
Experience managing market research projects for healthcare, pharma, or life sciences is required
Advanced proficiency in managing quantitative (online) and qualitative (in -depth interviews, online focus groups etc.) research methodologies
Must be able to handle multiple project assignments simultaneously.
Must have excellent time management skills.
Must be detail-orientated, self-motivated and exhibit high ethical skills.
Demonstrate excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal) with project teams inside the company and clients outside.
Able to work effectively within a team-oriented, highly collaborative environment.
Understand and speak with confidence in life sciences vernacular as it pertains to audience, therapeutic area, and approach.
Role is remote, but would prefer working ET hours.

Compensation, Benefits, And Culture

Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance - Large carriers on a national level (domestic partner coverage included)
401k with Company Match
Flexible PTO - Feel no guilt in taking off a minimum of 3 weeks of “real” vacation time
Paid Parental leave: 8 weeks
Paid Sick Leave: up to 8 weeks
12 Paid Company Holidays
Hybrid/Virtual Work - Virtual-first workforce with employees in most states
Base salary range for this role is $75,000 - $99,000

EEO/AA EMPLOYER M/F/V/D

Equal Opportunity Employer: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, age, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, or other legally protected status.
