Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Sourcewell
Role Name: Marketing Scrum Master
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $86,560 – $108,200.
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274213680&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Position Title

Marketing Scrum Master

Salary Range

Marketing Scrum Master (Grade 15, Exempt). Annual salary range: $86,560 – $108,200. This range reflects the minimum to midpoint of the grade. Salary may exceed the midpoint and will commensurate with experience.

Job Description Summary

The Scrum Master is responsible for leading and managing Scrum teams and meetings on Agile projects with a focus on marketing-related work across digital, multimedia, creative, event, and brand teams. Interface with product owners and other stakeholders to minimize distractions for the teams and enable high-quality, on-time delivery of initiatives.

Job Description

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Lead Scrum ceremonies, remove obstacles, and facilitate problem-solving, collaboration, and conflict resolution to enable the most effective work delivery by marketing teams on projects of varying size and complexity.
Review the backlog of work and reprioritize the work and deployment of project resources to reduce costs and increase the value of the work delivered to the organization.
Promote a culture of innovation by creating solutions that boost creativity, innovation, and collaboration.
Facilitate agile delivery of a wide range of marketing projects including campaigns, content development, digital initiatives, and creative workflows. Apply agile and design-thinking principles to support improvement and cross-team collaboration.
Identify and evaluate risks, issues, dependencies, and constraints associated with the project, escalating matters where appropriate. Where necessary, develop, agree on, and implement solutions to overcome these concerns.
Collate and analyze data using preset tools, methods, and formats. Involves working independently.
Carry out delegated activities to support the deployment and effective utilization of project resources.
Carry out delegated activities to support the production of workstream and project plans that identify and organize all the activities needed to deliver project objectives and that comply with the organization's project management framework.
Respond to personal objectives and use performance management systems to improve personal performance; or monitor the performance of the team, allocate work and review completion, take appropriate corrective action to ensure timeliness and quality, and contribute to formal individual performance management and appraisal.
Develop own capabilities by participating in assessment and development planning activities as well as formal and informal training and coaching; gain or maintain external professional accreditation, where relevant, to improve performance and fulfill personal potential. Maintain an understanding of relevant technology, external regulation, and industry best practices through ongoing education, attending conferences, and reading specialist media.
Other duties as assigned.

Additional Job Description

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in related field AND two (2) years of direct and relevant professional experience OR A combination of post-secondary education, professional training, and direct relevant work experience equal to six (6) years
Four (4) years of experience supporting marketing teams in a project management capacity, including coordinating timelines, managing deliverables, and facilitating cross-functional collaboration.
Proficiency in Wrike or similar project management tools (e.g., Asana, Monday.com, Jira) with a strong understanding of Agile methodologies and their application in marketing or creative environments.
At least one (1) or more years of agile experience.
Strong leadership and influence skills without formal management authority, confident holding teams accountable, pushing back when needed, and driving progress in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.

Position open until filled.

First review of applications will take place August 1st. If interested, please submit your application prior to this date to be considered.

Location:

This is a remote position, and is subject to Sourcewell's telecommuting policies and procedures. 
On occasion, may be asked to travel to Staples, MN for meetings, professional development or team activities. Potentially twice per year. Notice will be given ahead of time.
Sourcewell is currently accepting applications from all states, except the following: California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washington. Applicants living in or planning to relocate to a state not on this list are encouraged to apply. *

Sourcewell exists to empower community success. We stand with our partners in government and education striving to recognize and honor the differences in each of our community members. We are committed to removing barriers to equity. 

Values 

Seek. Be curious. 
Empower. Be accountable and liberate others. 
Impact. Be a difference maker

Full Time/Part Time

Full time

Position Type

Regular

Scheduled Hours

40
