Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Personify Health
Role Name: Member Services Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $80,000 to $92,000.
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4264633593&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Overview

 Who We Are 

Ready to create a healthier world? We are ready for you! Personify Health is on a mission to simplify and personalize the health experience to improve health and reduce costs for companies and their people. At Personify Health, we believe in offering total rewards, flexible opportunities, and a diverse inclusive community, where every voice matters. Together, we’re shaping a healthier, more engaged future.

Responsibilities

 Who are you? 

As a Project Manager for Service Operations, you are in an integral role in the organization which directly influences and supports our Member Services operations across health administration and wellbeing contact centers. As a PM you will have primary responsibility for managing complex strategic projects that can include new technology solutions, product web/mobile app enhancements support, operational excellence optimization initiatives, and other efforts requiring strong project management skills. In the role of Project Manager, your job will be to ensure the Member Services department is set up for success related to operational readiness by working directly with all levels of leadership and cross-functional stakeholders while leveraging our toolkits, best practice methodologies, processes, and tools.

 In this role you will wear many hats, but your knowledge will be essential in the following: 

 Operate as portfolio management owner across departmental annual roadmap initiatives 
 Maintain overall project ownership and drives the coordination of activities and deliverables among all internal/external business functions 
 Communicate project status’, surface project issues and risks, and track project effectiveness 
 Support smaller scale projects led by additional business leaders within our department 
 Deliver the highest level of business customer satisfaction to ensure successful execution 
 Manage the operational and tactical activities of supporting any 3 rd party integrations 
 Respond to and resolve business customer requests and questions throughout project period 
 Employ Service Operations standard project best practices, processes, and procedures 
 Provide supplemental operational and tactical support to the Service Operations team when bandwidth allows 

You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Qualifications

What you bring to the Personify Health team:

In Order To Represent The Best Of What We Have To Offer You Come To Us With a Multitude Of Positive Attributes Including

 Bachelor's degree, or equivalent, in related discipline 
 3+ years of directly related project management experience working on complex projects associated with product development, technical solutions and/or contact center operations. 
 Experience working with project management tools. 
 Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office suite. 

You also take pride in offering the following Core Skills, Competencies, and Characteristics:

 Preferred knowledge of contact center operations 
 Preferred knowledge of wellness program, or health plan administration operations 
 Familiar will agile methodology in relation to product development 
 Strong project management skills while working autonomously 
 Ability to build relationships to work effectively across all levels of leadership 
 Ability to prioritize deliverables and negotiate with stakeholders and internal business partners 
 Excellent interpersonal and writing skills 
 Strong organizational skills and detail orientation 
 Required to work cross-functionally within the organization and with external vendors/partners 
 Strong analytical, problem-solving skills 

No candidate will meet every single desired qualification. If your experience looks a little different from what we’ve identified and you think you can bring value to the role, we’d love to learn more about you!

Personify Health is an equal opportunity organization and is committed to diversity, inclusion, equity, and social justice.

In compliance with all states and cities that require transparency of pay, the base compensation for this position ranges from $80,000 to $92,000. Note that compensation may vary based on location, skills, and experience. This position is eligible for 10% target bonus/variable compensation as well as health, dental, vision, mental health and other benefits.

We strive to cultivate a work environment where differences are celebrated, and employees of all backgrounds are empowered to thrive. Personify Health is committed to driving Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging (DEIB) for all stakeholders: employees (at each organization level), members, clients and the communities in which we operate. Diversity is core to who we are and critical to our work in health and wellbeing.

#WeAreHiring #PersonifyHealth

Beware of Hiring Scams: Personify Health will never ask for payment or sensitive personal information such as social security numbers during the hiring process. All official communication will come from a verified company email address. If you receive suspicious requests or communications, please report them to talent@ personifyhealth .com . All of our legitimate openings can be found on the Personify Health Career Site .

Application Deadline: Open until position is filled.
