Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: FuseGlobal
Role Name: Senior IT Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278665656&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Title: Sr. IT Project Manager

Location: Remote

Company: Fortune 100 multinational nutrition company (FuseGlobal has worked with this company for 20 years)

Initial term: 5.5 months (position expected to run longer)

Position Summary

Key Responsibilities

 Project Management:

Responsible for participating and/or leading/driving discovery through to design to help build the Business Case with comprehensive budget planning for final submission and approval

Ensure the day-to-day management of the project through assignment of project work, mobilization of required resources and monitoring and reporting on key dimensions (e.g. work progress, risks, opportunities, issues, schedule, budget, etc.).

Manage delivery in line with the project sponsors expectations, tolerances, timings and expected business benefits.

Manage timely decision process.

 Project Governance:

Designs and ensures adherence to the established project governance.

Build project Charter, Project Plans, Status reports and executive/SteerCo presentations.

 Lead a Project Team:

Coach, support, energize and engage the Project Team.

Ensure roles and responsibilities are communicated with regular feedback on performance.

 Closing a Project:

Ensure successful delivery of key project packages, capture lessons learned and review whether the objectives and Business Case assumptions been achieved.

Success measures

 Deliverables of project team:

Project team delivery in line with the expected. business objectives (what/how), quality standards, and on-time as per the schedule.

Consistent application of standards, methodologies and templates.

Successful project closure approved by steering committee.

 Aligned input to the steering committee:

Business Case And Project Control Documents

Issues, R&O, change requests, budget, etc.

Stage reviews and approvals, incl. Documentation on decisions taken on raised exceptions.

Engagement with key project stakeholders and team members.

 Continuous Improvement and Development:

Identify ways to eliminate waste and/or boost team performance.

Actively coach & develop junior team members.

Qualifications And Skills

 Minimum 4 years of experience in project management as a role with at least 2 years managing IT technical projects
 Certification and ability to coach in project management practices (e.g. Waterfall, Agile)
 Proficient knowledge in Office Tools such as Excel, PowerPoint, etc.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Able to operate in a Matrix Organization with minor supervision
 Reliable, adaptable, digitally agile, customer-centric, Innovative, result-focus

Compensation And Benefits

Up to $75.40 per hour + overtime
Medical insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
401(k)
Disability insurance

ABOUT FuseGlobal

FuseGlobal is a partnership of people and brand-leading companies, working together to make things run better. For 25 years we have brought functionality to complex business and production processes and supply chains, resulting in enterprises that run smarter and more sustainably. Interested in digital manufacturing, industrial engineering, supply chain management, all-things tech, and energy & the environment? This is where we live. Engage with us!
