Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Brooksource
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Lauren Cast
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274316043&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Project Manager 
Remote
Contract 
 We are seeking a highly skilled Senior Project Manager with a proven track record of successfully managing technology-related application and integration projects that require changes to IT applications. This role is critical in driving projects that manage governance, risks, issues and compliance frameworks within the organization. As a Senior Project Manager, you will work cross-functionally with technology teams, business segment owners, operations segment owners and risk management owners, as well as senior leadership to ensure timely delivery of the Veritex Community Bank Integration efforts, effective remediation, and adherence to internal and external requirements. This person must excel at communication, details, organization, leadership, project management, and have a positive attitude who proactively takes the initiative to 'Get Stuff Done' with high quality.

Responsibilities: 
Project Management: Lead end-to-end delivery of Veritex Integration efforts, including risk and compliance requirements. Develop/Manage project charters, plans, schedules, and budgets..
Stakeholder Engagement: Collaborate with cross-functional teams including compliance, risk, audit, legal, Operations, Product Management and IT to define project scope, objectives, and deliverables.
Risk and Issue Management: Proactively identify risks, issues, and dependencies. Develop mitigation strategies and escalation plans to address challenges effectively.
Governance and Reporting: Develop and deliver regular status reports, project updates, and dashboards for senior leadership and stakeholders. Maintain documentation for audits and reviews.
Process Improvement: Identify opportunities to enhance integration processes, automate workflows, and improve project efficiency.
Team Leadership: Provide direction to project team members, fostering collaboration, accountability, and a result-driven culture.

Qualifications: 
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field.
5+ years of experience in managing technical projects, with at least 2 years focused on integration, regulatory or compliance-related technology projects.
Experience in financial services, or other regulated industries is highly desirable.
Skills and Competencies
Finance & Sourcing experience, specifically General Ledger, Regulatory Reporting, Profisee, CCAR, Workday (Source to Pay)
Experience managing technology projects that include integration, regulatory and compliance frameworks e.g., SOX.
Proven ability to manage complex projects with multiple stakeholders and dependencies.
Exceptional problem-solving, critical thinking, and decision-making skills.
Strong interpersonal, communication, and negotiation skills.
Can work effectively with all organization levels and can tailor the communication when presenting project updates to executive management.
Expertise in project management tools such as ADO, JIRA, or Microsoft Project.
Experience with Agile and Waterfall methodologies.

Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with one or more of the following systems and tools: Hogan Deposits, Safe Deposit, Salesforce, ESS, Deposit Originations (OAO, BAO), ACAPS, NetOxygen, Close, Velocity, Orbit, Credit Mod, SuperNova, ACH, Account Analysis, Float Pricing, Positive Pay, Account Reconciliation, Wires, Document Archive, Process Automation, Online Report Archive, Check Images, Customer and Address Information, Corporate Data Office & Data Warehouse, Business Online Banking, Payment Center, BOL Preview Period & Entitlements, General Ledger, Regulatory Reporting, Profisee, CCAR, Workday (Source to Pay).
 ABOUT EIGHT ELEVEN: 
 At Eight Eleven, our business is people. Relationships are at the center of what we do. A successful partnership is only as strong as the relationship built. We’re your trusted partner for IT hiring, recruiting and staffing needs.  
 For over 16 years, Eight Eleven has established and maintained relationships that are designed to meet your IT staffing needs. Whether it’s contract, contract-to-hire, or permanent placement work, we customize our search based upon your company's unique initiatives, culture and technologies. With our national team of recruiters placed at 21 major hubs around the nation, Eight Eleven finds the people best-suited for your business. When you work with us, we work with you. That’s the Eight Eleven promise. 
 Eight Eleven Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, disability, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
