Status: pending
Data-Status: pending
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: JD Finish Line
Role Name: Associate Construction Project Manager (West Coast)
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $70,000 - $75,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4379448422&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
***This role can be located in California, Arizona, Nevada, Washington & Oregon.***

Responsible for coordination and guidance of store construction projects, based on the priorities and needs of the company. This individual will effectively exhibit JD Finish Line’s core values of Customer, People, Winning, Community, and Financial Responsibility in everything they do by performing the following key duties:
Assists with construction projects for JD North America.
Partners with Project Managers on construction details as needed.
Assists with special projects internally, including vendor cooperation, cost analysis, scheduling and completion.
Coordinates with outside vendors for all owner supplied items.
Reviews all construction items on proposals and initiates workflows for vendors in our system. 
Coordinates on site delivery with material vendors in conjunction with the construction schedule and the Project Manager.
Prepares the store project file system for use by architects and internal members in the drawing process.
Assists in project timelines for drawing review and completion, permit timing, to ensure proper construction schedule (construction start, handover and store open) are on track.
Reviews and recommends changes to architectural drawings to ensure brand integrity, as well as, control construction costs prior to drawing completion.
Develops and maintains various construction checklists and workbooks to enhance coordination, communication, and execution.
Utilizes good prioritization, organizational, and multi-tasking abilities.
Performs analysis of project plans and specifications.
Assists Project Managers in reviews, conditions, and approval of all GC bids received.
Develops initial project specific cost estimates and takes lead responsibility with the budgetary management of the various cost components of the project.
Develops, monitors and ensures schedule performance and quality workmanship of construction.
Reviews and processes change proposals, proposal requests, supplemental instructions and other contract documents.
Assists with weekly construction progress meetings, including preparing meeting minutes, updating and distributing to schedules, approval tracking, etc.
Holds overall responsibility for working with the general contractor and internal team members to deliver a smooth project on time and on budget.
Documents and processes all material submittals, shop drawings, finish selections for approval.
Additional duties and projects as required. Roles and responsibilities could change based on program needs.

Required Education and/or Experience:
At least 2 years’ experience in construction, store facilities, or a design role with a specialty retailer.
Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) in engineering, architecture, project management from a four-year college or university, or equivalent experience.

Required Computer and/or Technical Skills:
Should have intermediate knowledge and abilities with Microsoft Word, Excel, Projects, PowerPoint and Smartsheets. Should know how to read and interpret Construction Drawings, Details, etc. Experience in Lucernex or web-based project management programs is a plus.

Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these functions.
Strong communication skills and negotiating budgets.
Excellent time and project management.
Very organized, creative, efficient, flexible and able to work well within a team.
Strong knowledge of tenant-improvement construction sequencing and durations to develop construction phasing plans and strategies
Ability to assess and inform Landlord Construction exhibits; mall/center design criteria; core/shell structural issues relative to JD Sport’s and Shoe Palace’s intended designs; MEP and energy systems and requirements
Ability to inform and communicate technical construction aspects of potential deals to other departments and teams: develop project schedules; identify Landlord delivery requirements, risks, and trade-offs; review and inform capital budgets.
Self-starter capable of operating with little supervision and the ability to escalate appropriately, logically and methodically.
Highly technical, experienced construction industry professional is a plus
Strong technical, analytical, and strategic management skills based on owner, architectural or construction industry experience. 
Skilled with Google Suite and relevant computer skills

Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Sit for more than 6 hours per shift
Use hands to finger, handle and feel
Reach with hands and arms
Talk and/or hear
Walk or move from one location to another
Occasionally may need to climb, balance, stoop, kneel, or crouch
Lift and/or move up to 10 pounds regularly and up to 50 pounds occasionally
Punctuality and regular attendance consistent with the company’s policies are required for the position.
Average work week is 45-50 hours, which can vary depending on business need.
The work environment for this position is a moderately noisy office setting. 
Approximately 20% travel as needed.

The company reserves the right to modify this job description with or without notice. Employees may be asked to perform additional duties outside of normal job scope on a temporary basis per the company policy. Pay range: $70,000 - $75,000 (Depending on Experience); 10% bonus target. This role will be eligible for medical, dental, vision, 401k, sick leave, parental leave, and company paid time off plan.

This job description is not intended to cover all aspects, duties, and/or responsibilities required of employees. Employees may be asked to perform additional duties outside of normal job scope on a temporary or permanent basis per company policy. The company reserves the right to modify this job description with or without notice. 

EEO Statement:
The Finish Line, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and is committed to complying with all federal, state, and local EEO laws. The Finish Line, Inc. prohibits discrimination against employees and applicants for employment based on race or color, religion or creed, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, sex, pregnancy status, age, military status, disability, or any other characteristic or class protected by law. The Finish Line, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations in accordance with applicable laws, including for disabilities, pregnancy, and religious practices.

Need accessibility assistance to apply?
Applicants who require accessibility assistance to submit an employment application can either call Finish Line at (317) 613-6890 or email us at talentacquisition@finishline.com. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will respond as soon as reasonably possible. (This email address and phone number is only for individuals seeking accommodation when applying for a job.)
