Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Jobs via Dice
Role Name: PMO Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274353548&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Sitek, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Position Details

This position is housed within the Cabinet of Health and Family Service - Office of Application Technology Services (OATS) PMO. This position is responsible for overseeing all facets of the PMO OATS methodology application of projects/programs undertaken in CHFS OATS. This role will help in adoption and enforcing of methodology that is developed by CHFS PMO. PMO PM will be responsible for working closely with PM s from all divisions of the cabinet to ensure all projects/programs are following the methodology. This role will work as a mentor to the PM, training them to work with the tools and techniques and using the processes that are defined. This role will also work in continuously enhancing the processes that govern how projects are treated in CHFS OATS.

Mentoring new project managers on the project tools and techniques.
Define/Refine KPI s that will be used to measure Project/Program.
Applying CHFS OATS methodology and enforces project standards.
Oversee projects/programs for deviation from defined measurements and remedial action.
Conduct regular training on methodology and tools utilized to all participants in CHFS OATS.
Measure and Track project performance/exposure throughout its lifecycle.
Develop/Update documents to support Projects/Programs methodology.
Develop/Update dashboard for different roles to cater to their needs.
Conduct Audits for projects/programs that breach the acceptable KPI variances.
Develop ad-hoc reporting as required by executives.
Coordinate with COT (Cabinet of Technology) to comply with their requirements.
Evaluate feedback on PMO to improve on PMO activities and performances.
Conduct Post Project Benefit tracking review and reporting on the findings to executives.
Develop benchmark and trends based on data collected from projects/programs.
Conduct data analytics to derive knowledge from data available. Put in action the knowledge gained from this analysis.
Assist in propagating the changes across cabinet.
Work closely with all divisions to gradually achieve higher maturity.
Advise if required on different aspect of project approach (Waterfall, Agile).
Assist in developing/enhancing the tools to adapt to new requirements based on knowledge gained.
Ability to present concepts and secure buy in from participants.

Teamwork:

Consistently acknowledges and appreciates each team member's contributions.
Effectively utilizes each team member to his/her fullest potential.
Motivates team to work together in the most efficient manner.
Keeps track of lessons learned and shares those lessons with team members.
Mitigates team conflict and communication problems.

Essential skills:

Bachelor's Degree or other advanced degree preferably in an IT related field.
Demonstrated understanding of Project Management processes, strategies, and methods.
Professional Project Management Certification.
Agile certification from accredited intuition preferred.
Experience working in a high-level collaborative environment and promoting a teamwork mentality.
Experience mentoring, coaching and developing talent in project stream.
Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong verbal, written and presentation communication skills.
Ability to communicate complex technical concepts.
Possess general understanding in the areas of application programming, database, and system design.
Self-managed, highly motivated and has a strong drive for results.
Skilled in managing a team.

Desired Qualifications/Skills:

Excellent time management and organizational skills and experience establishing guidelines in these areas for others.
Strong sense of personal accountability regarding decision-making and supervising department teams.
Managerial experience applying analytical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Ability to predict challenges and seek to proactively head-off obstacles.
