Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Disney
Role Name: Project Manager & Technical Program Manager
Location: Orlando FL
Type: Hybrid
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team:  Not specified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL:  Not specified

Job Description:
Job Title: IT Project Manager
Job Reference: 14882993

Client: Disney
Website: www.disney.com
Location: Orlando, FL - Hybrid (2 days onsite)
Duration: 12+ Month Contact

IT Project Manager

Responsibilities:
Will provide project management support to our Crew Applications Technology team, dealing with shipboard and shoreside applications
Projects will range from existing efforts pertaining to our Crew App through to new build oversight.
Tasked with leading and delivering configurations, data load, testing of inter-connected applications, deployment planning / coordination / tri-age to pre-production, deployment planning / coordination / tri-age to production, creation & testing of automic jobs (automated job scheduler), etc
Basic Qualifications:
Strong project management background (project planning, budget management, direction setting & leadership)
Understands the software development life cycle and up to speed on the latest flavors of agile methodologies
Understand the product-centric delivery approach
Familiar operating within a Tech & Digital organization, working on technology initiatives
Solid communicator; ability to be detailed or concise based on audience or desirable outcome
Exhibits adaptable / flexible styles of leadership
A self-starter / go-getter, able to anticipate the needs of their project / leader(s)
Able to find comfort with ambiguous objectives, where the end-state may not always be apparent
Ability to partner with external leadership to understand their project needs, establishing a solid working relationship
Preferred Qualifications:
Working knowledge of the maritime industry or Disney would be a benefit.
5 years of experience for Sr. role (at least 4 years of direct PM experience)
Required Education:
BA or equivalent
Our benefits package includes:
Comprehensive medical benefits
Competitive pay
401(k) Retirement plan
...and much more!

About INSPYR Solutions

Technology is our focus and quality is our commitment. As a national expert in delivering flexible technology and talent solutions, we strategically align industry and technical expertise with our clients' business objectives and cultural needs. Our solutions are tailored to each client and include a wide variety of professional services, project, and talent solutions. By always striving for excellence and focusing on the human aspect of our business, we work seamlessly with our talent and clients to match the right solutions to the right opportunities. Learn more about us at inspyrsolutions.com.

INSPYR Solutions provides Equal Employment Opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, INSPYR Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
 
 
Thanks again, Sebastian Ochoa, and I look forward to working with you.

Client: Disney
Location: Orlando, FL-Hybrid (2 Days Onsite)
Website: https://www.disney.com/
Duration: 22 Month Contract

Program Manager

The Senior Technical Program Manager is charged with the delivery of large-scale and complex software development projects across multiple disciplines and lines of business for the Disney Consumer Products organization. In this role, you will blend program management and project delivery with financial experience, reporting to the Manager of Technical Program and Project Management. You will identify, plan, and coordinate a set of related projects within a program to manage their interdependencies in support of AI-specific business strategies. As a key member of the PMO Team, which is responsible for technical project management, project financial management, and program strategy, you will partner with Technology, Business Finance (Product), and Vendor Support to plan and deliver against our objectives. The Senior Technical Project Manager ensures on-time and on-schedule delivery working closely with Product, Technology, Business and External Partners.

Responsibilities:
Lead and manage complex AI/ML program plans, ensuring seamless collaboration across various teams and workstreams.
Act as the point of contact for project stakeholders, providing regular updates and ensuring alignment with project goals.
Monitor project progress, identify potential risks, and implement effective mitigation strategies.
Facilitate cross-functional team meetings, fostering a collaborative and productive environment.
Build and maintain comprehensive project documentation, including timelines, budgets, and prioritization plans.
Support technical owners in benchmarking AI-related tools, providing insights on tool selection and implementation.
Create and maintain capital and expense forecasts: by life-of-project, fiscal year, and month.
Research and provide cause of change for variances from the project scope, schedule, and cost.
Maintain a continuous view of resource demand and capacity across projects; proactively partner with leadership to plan for leveled resource allocation across development and sustainment activities.
Translate financial information and objectives to leaders, business partners, Finance, Sourcing & Procurement to tell the 'story' behind the numbers.
Promote critical thinking and innovative approaches throughout the project.
Establish and maintain positive and productive working relationships with domestic and international partners in a technical delivery capacity.
Communicate concise status to Leadership on efforts that encompass the entire delivery landscape.
Develop mitigation strategies for potential issues with the Delivery team.
Coordinate with the Delivery teams to develop estimates, budgets (obtain funding), and timelines; own budget tracking at Program-level.
Establish/maintain policies, governance, and delivery guidance; suggest improvements based on new technologies and methodologies.
Understand all project domain components, including architecture, tools, and deployment practices; explain the purpose of component decisions at a high level.
Serve as subject matter expert and go-to person for guidance in program management discipline.
Skillset / Experience:
Bachelors Degree or equivalent
Candidate should demonstrate a solid grasp on concepts such as AI technologies, data processing, the AI life cycle, SQL, and cloud-based systems.
3-5 years of relevant work experience in program and project management with an online retailer, ideally in e-commerce, supply chain, merchandising, or operations.
2-3 years Agile or Hybrid delivery experience
Possesses extensive experience in the basics of project management: estimation, program and project planning, resource planning, risk management, change management, and release management
Experienced in multiple full lifecycle software deliveries from business development and discovery to final software acceptance
Experience in a matrixed responsibility organization working with multiple product managers and business analysts
Must possess excellent business communication, writing, and interpersonal skills to bridge the gap between technical and business stakeholders.
Able to work both collaboratively and independently while maintaining a high level of productivity
Able to work under tight timetables and high-pressure situations
Thrive in a fast-paced rapidly changing environment and able to juggle, shift gears, and maintain a sense of humor
Nice To Have:
Experience in the Gen AI industry is preferred; familiarity with Gen AI, Vector DB, and RAG implementation.
Has a passion for research and staying up-to-date on the latest advancements in generative AI technologies and methodologies.
5+ years of relevant work experience in program management in digital/technology projects.
5+ years of Agile or Hybrid delivery experience
Establish project financial forecasts including resource/labor plans and other expense plans
Proven track record managing individual project budgets or budget roll-up of multiple projects
Led teams with multiple discipline representation (including product management/strategy, technology, design, and analytics)
Demonstrated analysis/assessment capabilities
Proactive and solution-oriented when managing issues

Our benefits package includes:
Comprehensive medical benefits
Competitive pay, 401(k)
Retirement plan
...and much more!

About INSPYR Solutions:
Technology is our focus and quality is our commitment. As a national expert in delivering flexible technology and talent solutions, we strategically align industry and technical expertise with our clients' business objectives and cultural needs. Our solutions are tailored to each client and include a wide variety of professional services, project, and talent solutions. By always striving for excellence and focusing on the human aspect of our business, we work seamlessly with our talent and clients to match the right solutions to the right opportunities. Learn more about us at inspyrsolutions.com.

INSPYR Solutions provides Equal Employment Opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, INSPYR Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
 
 
Thanks again, Sebastian Ochoa, and I look forward to working with you.
