Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Halff
Role Name: Senior Project Manager - Water and Wastewater Utilities: 4902
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4264621351&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Senior Project Manager - Water and Wastewater Utilities - Orlando, FL

Halff has an immediate opening for a Water and Wastewater Utilities Project Manager in our Orlando, FL office.

Learn about Halff and our 75th Anniversary

What You Will Do

Directly responsible for projects, work with the team leader in the development of plans, specifications and other contract documents for water, wastewater, and reclaimed water projects that include treatment plants, pump stations, and pipelines.
Will act as a point of contact for clients.
Oversee project design and manage staff, as well as to mentor less experiences positions.
Will be involved in marketing, project reporting, forecasting and client invoicing.

What You Will Need

8+ years of experience to support Water/Wastewater Utility projects including pipeline and treatment plant planning and design.
Bachelor of Master's degree in Civil, Environmental, or Chemical Engineering.
Licensed PE, preferably in Florida or can obtain within 6 months.
Ability to work independently and make significant, effective decisions.
Ability to manage projects, clients, and support staff and provide technical leadership to design teams.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Water/Wastewater treatment plant experience is a plus.
Pump station, water storage, and pipeline design experience is a plus.

The Halff Water and Wastewater Utilities Advantage

We leverage more than 75 years of experience in the water utilities industry to develop creative, sound solutions.
Our teams have completed hundreds of miles of pipeline projects including new, replacement and rehabilitation for sizes up to 120-inches in diameter. 
Full toolbox of technology resources. 

Learn more about Halff's Water and Wastewater Utilities services, check out some of our projects, and meet our team.

Halff's Water And Wastewater Utility Services

Elevated and Ground Storage Tanks 
Wastewater Treatment
Potable Water Treatment
Reclaimed Water
Equipment and Pump Selection
Flow Measurements and Hydraulic Modeling
Lift Stations
Water Supply
Water Transmission and Distribution 
Wastewater Collection

Company Overview

Halff is a full-service infrastructure consulting firm planned, designed, engineered, constructed — and purposed — for people. Since 1950, we’ve been creating smart solutions that improve lives and communities by turning ideas into reality.

Halff was founded on a core tenet: Focus on people, treat them well, and success will follow. It’s no wonder, then, that our employees and the culture they create result in our firm consistently being named a Top Workplace in America.

Our industry-leading professionals collaborate to meet tough challenges in creative ways. You can view Halff's full complement of services here

Halff has over 35 offices in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Florida and Arkansas. For a full list of our locations, click here

We Offer Excellent Benefits, Including But Not Limited To

Medical, dental, prescription and life insurance
Long-term and short-term disability insurance
Paid time off (PTO) and 8 company paid holidays (and Veteran's Day for our veterans)
Traditional and Roth 401(k) plans
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
Health Savings Account (HSA)
529 College Savings Plan
Flexible spending accounts (FSA)
Employee Assistance Plan
Click here for a more comprehensive list of Halff's benefits

Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status.

Halff is a drug-free workplace. This offer of employment is contingent upon the receipt of a clear drug screen and background check prior to your first day of employment. This position may be subject to random drug testing pursuant to federal regulations.
