Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: IT Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $106,000 to $132,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: ceijobs@cei.com, support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283104886&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Cupertino Electric. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Posting Title: IT Project Manager

Reports To: Director of Technology Program Management

Location: San Jose, California or Remote

Salary Range: $106,000 to $132,000

Final determination of a successful candidate’s starting pay will vary based on a number of factors, including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, education and experience. The pay scale listed for this position is generally for candidates that meet the specified qualifications and requirements listed on this specific job description. We provide a competitive compensation package that recognizes your experience, credentials, and education alongside a robust benefits program to meet your needs. Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets.

Who We Are

For more than 70 years, Cupertino Electric, Inc. (CEI) has been powered by people who’ve built a reputation for delivering high-profile, complex projects. Real, tangible things that alter the landscape and improve lives. But even more than that, we’ve built a reputation for integrity. We’re problem solvers and innovation seekers. We’re team players and safety fanatics. And we always—always—do the right thing. Even when no one is looking. Because what we do here is important, but how we do it is everything.

THE IT TEAM

Our projects may be complex, but our approach is simple: We build great things and we do it with great people. Using well-designed processes and controls, integrating smart and reliable solutions, and providing access to the information needed, our IT Team comprised of seasoned and experienced professionals, enable the success of the organization. We do this while minimizing operational and financial impact .

About The Role

The IT Project Manager role leads the day-to-day project planning, execution coordination and tracking, and facilitation of change (both technical and non-technical) across the company for major business system and enterprise-wide technology projects.

This critical team member will work with technology teams, business teams, third party vendors, and key business stakeholders to guide projects to successful completion by applying sound project management practices and demonstrating individual leadership in problem solving, communication, and critical thinking throughout the project lifecycle. The IT Project Manager is responsible for delivering successful project outcomes while building relationships and working collaboratively with key stakeholders to properly resource project work efforts and address issues to drive project predictability, profitability, and embedded within the function. The IT Project Manager will draw upon his/her experience managing complex technology projects in a fast-paced, growth company environment and must be capable of situationally calibrating process rigor to suit the project.

Project Execution & Leadership : Lead the execution of technology projects by translating business objectives into actionable plans, coordinating cross-functional teams, managing timelines and resources, and ensuring delivery of measurable outcomes aligned with organizational goals.

Manage projects in a classic waterfall model; agile models that may include managing within a DevOps environment; and hybrid models that incorporate both. 
Aligning projects with business objectives, constructing detailed work plans, managing teams, achieving milestones, and communicating the results to both internal and external stakeholders and the leadership team 
Build, develop, inspire, and motivate the project team to ensure maximum performance, by providing purpose, direction, and a path for success. 
Lead projects from requirements definition through deployment, identifying schedules, scopes, budget estimations, and implementation plans, including risk mitigation. 
Must establish and maintain processes for managing scope during the project lifecycle, setting quality and performance standards, and assessing risks. 
Assign and monitor resources to ensure project efficiency and on-time deliverables. 
Report project outcomes and/or risks to the appropriate management channels and escalate issues, as necessary, according to the project work plan. 
Analyze project status and, when necessary, revise the scope, schedule, or budget to ensure that project requirements are met. 

Cross-Functional Collaboration & Process Improvement : Build cross-team relationships to enhance methodologies and identify opportunities for automation and efficiency.

Establish and maintain relationships with both internal and external stakeholders, providing day-to-day project status and changes. 
Must be comfortable leading diverse, cross-functional teams from all areas of the business. 
Drive the project team utilizing organization and time management skills to keep projects on track and within budget. 
Must work extremely well under pressure and use an innovative mindset and critical thinking skills to achieve goals on time. 
Coordinate internal and external resources to ensure that projects adhere to scope, schedule, and budget. 
Manage contracts with vendors and suppliers by assigning tasks, communicating expected deliverables, and managing budgets. 
Utilize industry best practices, techniques, and standards throughout entire project execution. 

Storytelling & Business Communication: Synthesize findings into compelling presentations, dashboards, and reports, ensuring clarity, accuracy, and alignment with business objectives.

Review new technology to determine compatibility with existing systems; prepare data flow diagrams and process flow analysis for current and new automation to ensure maximum system utilization and tasks assigned to correct work unit.

Knowledge: A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, career-oriented, journey-level position.

Job Complexity: Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise.

Supervision: Normally receives little instruction on day-to-day work, general instructions on new assignments.

About You

Thorough understanding of project management fundamentals. 
Strong attention to deadlines and budgetary guidelines. 
Proven success working with all levels of management. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills 
Excellent presentation skills. 
Proven ability to solve problems creatively. 
Strong familiarity with project management software tools, methodologies, and best practices. 
Excellent analytical skills. 
Excellent resource planning and task scheduling skills 
Strong people skills and extremely resourceful. 
Must possess the ability to motivate and inspire. 

Minimum Qualifications

Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying.

Education: Bachelor’s degree in business, Analytics, Engineering, Computer Science, Economics or related field AND 4+ years’ experience in project management. OR Master's Degree in related field AND 3+ years’ experience in project management. OR equivalent experience.

Experience: Four or more years of Project Management experience.

Preferred Qualifications

Project Management experience or certifications (e.g., PMP, Agile Certified Practitioner). 
Experience in the construction industry or a similar sector. 
Candidates must have the ability to travel up to 25% in support of external contractors, project objectives, team meetings, or other IT specific objectives. 

PLEASE NOTE: CEI will never ask for any money or financial information from applicants during the hiring process. To learn more about "job scams" how to avoid them, click here. (https://consumer.ftc.gov/articles/job-scams)

CEI is a place where every single person can—and does—have an impact on the work we do and the communities we serve. Here, you can build your own story and grow to your full potential. You can collaborate and celebrate with amazing people. And you’ll go home every day knowing you helped contribute to important work that shapes people’s lives. Our commercial, data center and energy projects may be complex, but our approach is simple. We build great things and we do it with great people.

The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department, program or project needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.

Cupertino Electric, Inc. (CEI) is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action employer. We celebrate diversity and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law.

Cupertino Electric Inc. aims to make cei.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, please contact us at ceijobs@cei.com or 1-(877)-747-4CEI.

Cupertino Electric, Inc. (CEI) is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action employer. We celebrate diversity and do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
