Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: ServiceMaster Recovery Management - North America
Role Name: Senior Commercial Restoration Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: atweacknowledge@servicemaster.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4273049198&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Description

We Play to Win!

Big goals. Big achievements. Big impact.

ServiceMaster employs empowered and engaged teams, delivering growth in an ever-evolving world. Our goal is to double in size over the next few years, which means ambition and risk-taking are part of our daily life. If you are tired of the status quo and complacency, join our team to help franchisees dominate in their respective areas. You’ll be around other winners chasing big goals, guaranteed to bring out the best work of your career! 

This position requires a heavy travel schedule up to 200 plus days a year

What We Offer

Medical, Dental, and Vision start the first day of the month following your date of hire
401 (k) match
15 days paid time off and paid holidays, including 2 floating holidays
Career growth and advancement

Job Description

The Senior Project Manager will be responsible for managing all aspects of a project and informing the client, the adjuster and all concerned parties of the daily activities along with the general status of the project. The Senior Project Manager’s job duties will include the training and mentoring of other SRM and Restore project managers. A Senior Project Manager must have multiple experiences in project managing commercial projects exceeding $1,000,000.00 in revenue.

Reporting Relationships

Senior Project Managers will report to Project Coordinators, Directors, and Executive Level Management.

Duties And Responsibilities

Within those daily activities the PM will be responsible for, but not limited to,

The Following Duties

Initial Damage Assessment walk through with client and conduct or attend meetings with clients, adjusters, consultants and necessary representatives as needed.
Develop and implement Scope of Loss with client or adjuster
Write Site Specific Safety Plan
Complete Job Hazard Analysis (JHA) and distribute it to crews. Conduct dailysafety meetings and as needed.
Ensures supervisors fill out Field Risk Assessment (FRA) and instructs crews ofpossible hazards
Verify or order asbestos survey or necessary testing to ensure full compliance of any and all state or federal laws.
Acquire Floor plan/Schematic of facility (if available) or sketch and ensure progress maps are kept up to date and completed.
Write SRM Contract and Scope of work or proposal for client and insurancecompany/adjuster
Have client sign Contract and Authorization to perform immediate or emergencyservices.
Develop and implement Critical Path Management (CPM) plan with the client toaddress the client’s needs
Evaluate crew size, material and equipment needs and places orders toaccommodate those needs
Procure subcontractors, vendors and casual laborers as needed
Ensure that all training meetings have been conducted and logged before startingthe project: Site Safety, HazCom, Right to Know, and Confined Space
Maintain project schedule (Scope) developed with owner and insurance company
Maintain the project budget and review with client daily if required
Have client authorize and sign any Change Order on the loss before proceedingwith change
Assign tasks to specific Supervisor, holding them accountable for quality andquantity on a daily basis
Maintain the proper ratio of Supervisor to technicians and casual laborers

Qualifications

Experience in estimating commercial projects exceeding $1,000,000.00.

Must be able to be a team leader and have the willingness to train others.

Very experienced in planning and defining scopes for Time and Material projects.

Ability to complete projects in a timely manner.

Must have good communication skills.

Has the ability to communicate with the customer, adjuster and consultants.

Must be able to identify and remediate safety issues on a jobsite.

Has a good knowledge of commercial construction.

Must be able to travel over 200 days out of the year for a minimum of ninety consecutive days.

Measurement of Performance

Working conditions

Ensure employees are utilizing proper PPE

Ensure cleanliness and safety standards of the jobsite.

Train employees as needed

Write employee evaluations in a timely manner.

Physical Requirements

Must be able to walk/stand for long periods of time.

Must be able to work long hours.

Direct reports

Casual Labor, Technicians, supervisors, assistant project managers, project managers, resource coordinators, superintendents, subcontractors, vendor representatives, and foreman all report to the Senior Project Manager.

About ServiceMaster Brands

ServiceMaster® Brands® is a leading franchise provider of needs-based residential and commercial services in the restoration, cleaning, moving, and bioremediation industries. Founded in 1929, the company is home to over 3,200 franchisees across 4,600+ locations serving over 1,000,000 homes and businesses each year. ServiceMaster was founded with a deep commitment to integrity and customer service and does business under seven brands today across 50 states and nine countries that generate more than $3.5B in system-wide sales: ServiceMaster Restore®, ServiceMaster Clean®, ServiceMaster BioClean®, Merry Maids®, TWO MEN AND A TRUCK®, TWO MEN AND A JUNK TRUCK®, and Indoor Science.

While each brand maintains a distinct identity, we share a commitment to our vision toBecome the most admired brand in each industry we serve. Working as part of our team means bringing your best ideas to work every day and seeing the impact of your contributions. Stars in our company at all levels are builders—they love to create, lead and see their plan come to life. Our best people understand that while great ideas are important, they require incredible focus and teamwork to execute.

We live by our purpose toBe there when you need us™. This extends to our team members, where we are dedicated to our team’s growth, well-being, and success- every step of the way.

ServiceMaster Brands is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.

Roark Capital Group acquired ServiceMaster Brands in October 2020. Roark focuses on investing in the consumer and business services sectors, with a specialization in multi-location and franchised businesses. Since inception, affiliates of Roark have invested in 100 multi-location, franchised brands, which collectively generate $62 billion in annual system revenues from 66,000 locations in 50 states and 89 countries. Please visit www.roarkcapital.com to learn more.

It is the policy of ServiceMaster Brands, in accordance with all applicable laws, to recruit, hire, train, and promote persons in all job titles without regard to race, color, national origin, genetic information, religious beliefs, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, pregnancy, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected classifications, activities, or conditions as required by federal, state and local laws.

If you are unable to complete this application due to a disability, contact this employer to ask for an accommodation or an alternative application process atweacknowledge@servicemaster.com

California Applicants

Background checks are required, and qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for Employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.

Privacy Policy:https://www.servicemaster.com/california-applicant-privacy-notice/
