Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Structural Project Manager - Remote, US
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: recruiting@bowman.com, support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283109568&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Bowman. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Short Description

Bowman has an opportunity for a Structural Project Manager to join our team remotely.

At Bowman, we believe in creating opportunities for aspiring people to thrive and achieve ambitious goals. That's why a career at Bowman is more than a job. It is an opportunity to be part of a diverse and engaged community of professionals, to be treated as a respected and valued member of a motivated team and to be empowered to do exceptional work that advances the best interest of everyone involved. We recognize the importance of creating a work environment that is both rewarding to our employees and supportive of our unwavering commitment to provide unparalleled service to our clients.

Purpose

Execute assigned projects in a timely manner within the allocated budget through administration, technical and management techniques.

Responsibilities

Leadership and Direction

Receive broad guidance from senior-level management relating to overall key objectives, critical issues, new concepts, and policy matters and general parameters for execution. Manage people and processes to ensure effective execution. Review work produced by staff for quality assurance.

At The Operational And Company Level

Assist with the marketing of the firm’s capabilities to establish new clients and enhance relationships with existing clients. 
Coordinate with other internal departments to meet project requirements. 

Do the Work

Perform project development for complex projects, including finalizing scope of projects, preparing bid summaries, preparing project budgets and cost estimates. 
Prepare and direct preparation of designs, specification, plans, estimates and reports for projects. 
Review job cost sheets and prepare monthly billings. Ensure assigned projects stay within budget allocation. 
Responsible for the monitoring and management of work-in-process, billings, and outstanding accounts receivable collection efforts. 
Maintain healthy client relationships and possess solid operational insight for driving projects and executing deliverables. 
Maintain close relationships with clients to resolve all project questions including technical requirements, completion requirements and billing inquiries. 
Assist with marketing presentations and attend marketing meetings. 
Assist team leader in securing repeat business from existing clients and identifying new clients. 
Liaise with clients and agencies, subcontractors, and design teams on projects. 
Review project changes, pending or anticipated alterations to the contract, additional work requests, and all other factors, which may significantly affect staffing requirements or budget. 
Provide technical assistance in the resolution of design problems including field investigation or inspections, detailed design work, detailed review of design computations done by others and general coordination of design aspects. 

Success Metrics and Competencies

Ability to work both independently and within a team environment. 
Highly motivated and problem-solving attitude. 
Strong sense of urgency in responding to constituents. 
Effective verbal and written communication skills. 
Strong work ethic and commitment to quality. 
Self-reliance and ability to operate independently with limited direction. 
Strong marketing/business development skills and mindset. 
Commitment to driving profitability and growth. 
Commitment to becoming a "citizen" of the broader organization, breaking down barriers and silos. 
Basic understanding of financial reports and metrics. 

Qualifications

Eight or more (8+) years of experience within the A/E industry to include a minimum of three (3) years of assistant project management. 
Bachelor's Degree in Structural Engineering or related discipline required. 
Registered Professional in field of expertise preferred. 
Demonstrated experience with computer applications and design software such as STAAD, RISA-3D, Enercalc, AutoCAD, REVIT, etc. 
Thorough understanding of business and financial principles in a consulting business, as well as municipal codes and regulations. 
Demonstrated experience with building code and design standard such as IBC, IRC, ASCE-7, AISC, ACI and NDS. 

About Bowman

Are you ready to build a career that makes a lasting impact? At Bowman, our people are at the center of everything we do. We’re committed to creating an environment where employees can thrive both personally and professionally, while helping to shape the infrastructure of tomorrow.

A career at Bowman means being part of a collaborative, forward-thinking organization where innovation, inclusion, and growth are encouraged at every level. We offer competitive compensation, a supportive work environment, and benefits designed to help our employees succeed.

Our Comprehensive Benefits Package Includes

Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance 
401(k) retirement savings plan with company match 
Paid time off, sick leave, and paid holidays 
Tuition reimbursement and professional development support 
Discretionary bonuses and other performance-based incentives 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP), wellness initiatives, and employee discounts 

Eligibility for certain benefits may vary based on position, location, and employment status.

Physical Demands and Working Environment

Primarily indoor professional office environment which may include bright/dim light, noise, fumes, odors, and traffic. 
Mobility around an office environment. 
Frequent and prolonged use of standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. 
Partially outdoor work environment which may include adverse weather conditions, varying temperatures, excessive noise, and/or potential hazards. 
Mobility around a job/construction site to include walking, bending, crawling, climbing, squatting, or kneeling and wearing of required Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). 
Occasional lifting or carrying up to 20 pounds. 
Occasional pushing or pulling up to 20 pounds. 
Occasional reaching outward or above shoulder. 

Job Description Disclaimer

Note: While this job description is intended to be an accurate reflection of the job requirements, it is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties from particular jobs and to assign other duties as necessary at any time with or without notice.

Bowman is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace where all employees feel valued and respected. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. For our EEO Policy Statement, please click here (https://bowman.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/EEO-Policy-1.pdf) . If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please click here (https://www.dol.gov/general/topic/discrimination) .

Bowman has an obligation to provide and maintain a safe, healthy, and productive environment for its employees and clients. We are committed to maintaining a drug and alcohol-free workplace.

If you have any questions about the application process, please email recruiting@bowman.com .

Bowman is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. For our EEO Policy Statement, please go here: https://bowman.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/EEO-Policy-1.pdf. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please go here: https://www.dol.gov/general/topic/discrimination.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
