Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Information Technology Strategies, Inc
Role Name: Task Order Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4281055821&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
Information Technology Strategies, Inc. is a government IT solutions provider servicing commercial and government initiative in various parts of the United States. We are currently seeking a Task Order Project Manager to work for our company.

Key Responsibilities:
Must possess IT-II security clearance or have a current National Agency Check with Local Agency Check and Credit Check (NACLC). (Basic Federal Clearance requirements are U.S. Citizenship, clear criminal history check, no recent or pending bankruptcies) 
Serves as the project manager for large, complex task orders and shall assist the Program Manager in working with the Government Contracting Officer (KO), Contracting Officer Representative (COR), the task order-level Task Order Managers, Government management personnel and customer agency representatives.
Under the guidance of the Program Manager, responsible for the overall management of the specific task order(s) and ensuring that the technical solutions and schedules in the task order are implemented in a timely manner.

Requirements:
Must possess IT-II security clearance or have a current National Agency Check with Local Agency Check and Credit Check (NACLC). (Basic Federal Clearance requirements are U.S. Citizenship, clear criminal history check, no recent or pending bankruptcies) 
Must currently hold a Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification.
Must have 5+ years of project management or other relevant experience.
Must have 5+ years of leadership experience with progressively higher responsibility in the public and/or private sector in the IT and/or consulting fields.
Must have 5+ years of experience in IT Sustainment services and/or experience in managing/using MEBS tools.
Must have a Bachelor’s degree OR 4 additional years of related experience.
Must be proficient in basic analytical software such as Microsoft Excel and Access.
Must be proficient with the Microsoft Office suite, to include Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint and Project Management.
Must be willing and able to work Eastern Standard Time (EST) hours.

Work With Us

IT-Strat is a technology consulting company that holds various contract vehicles including best in class vehicles. IT-Strat has supported multiple clients including the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE via both prime and meaningful subcontracts). Additionally, IT-Strat has prime contracts with Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA), Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) and many others. We maintain relationships with multiple large businesses.

IT-Strat was established in 2002. We are a certified Woman Owned Small Business. IT-Strat also successfully graduated as a SBA 8(A) company. It was an 8(a) company from 2008 through 2017 and currently still has 8(a) contract vehicles.

Benefits We Offer: 
Four Medical/Vision options including an HSA plan.
Dental and Orthodontia plan
Vision Materials plan
Paid Life, Short-Term Disability, and Long-Term Disability
401K Retirement Program with company contribution
Paid Vacation, Holidays, Sick Leave, Floating Holidays, Bereavement Leave
Semi-monthly pay cycle

Information Technology Strategies (“IT-Strat”) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, and it is our policy to consider applicants for employment without regard to sex, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, alienage, ancestry, and any other factors prohibited by law. Employment selections are based on company and client requirements and the qualifications and skills of the candidate. IT-Strat is committed to actively capitalizing on the diversity of skills, talents, and perspectives of our employees.
