Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Amtex Systems Inc
Role Name: Hogan Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278313030&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Title: Sr Project Manager with Hogan and general deposits (DDA and TDA)
Duration: 6 months
Location: 100% REMOTE


We are seeking a highly skilled Sr Project Manager with Hogan and a proven track record of successfully managing technology-related application and integration projects that require changes to IT applications. This role is critical in driving projects that manage governance, risks, issues, and compliance frameworks within the organization. As a Senior Project Manager, you will work cross-functionally with technology teams, business segment owners, operations segment owners and risk management owners, as well as senior leadership to ensure timely delivery of the Veritex Community Bank Integration efforts, effective remediation, and adherence to internal and external requirements.
This person must excel at communication, details, organization, leadership, project management, and have a positive attitude who proactively takes the initiative to 'Get Stuff Done' with high quality.
Key Responsibilities
Project Management: Lead end-to-end delivery of Veritex Integration efforts, including risk and compliance requirements. Develop/Manage project charters, plans, schedules, and budgets..
Stakeholder Engagement: Collaborate with cross-functional teams including compliance, risk, audit, legal, Operations, Product Management and IT to define project scope, objectives, and deliverables.
Risk and Issue Management: Proactively identify risks, issues, and dependencies. Develop mitigation strategies and escalation plans to address challenges effectively.
Governance and Reporting: Develop and deliver regular status reports, project updates, and dashboards for senior leadership and stakeholders. Maintain documentation for audits and reviews.
Process Improvement: Identify opportunities to enhance integration processes, automate workflows, and improve project efficiency.
Team Leadership: Provide direction to project team members, fostering collaboration, accountability, and a result-driven culture.
 Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, or a related field.
5+ years of experience in managing technical projects, with at least 2 years focused on integration, regulatory or compliance-related technology projects.
Experience in financial services, or other regulated industries is highly desirable.
Skills and Competencies
Finance & Sourcing experience, specifically General Ledger, Regulatory Reporting, Profisee, CCAR, Workday (Source to Pay)
Experience managing technology projects that include integration, regulatory and compliance frameworks e.g., SOX.
Proven ability to manage complex projects with multiple stakeholders and dependencies.
Exceptional problem-solving, critical thinking, and decision-making skills.
Strong interpersonal, communication, and negotiation skills.
Can work effectively with all organization levels and can tailor the communication when presenting project updates to executive management.
Expertise in project management tools such as ADO, JIRA, or Microsoft Project.
Experience with Agile and Waterfall methodologies.
