Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Proj Mgr Clin Supplies
Location: United States
Type: Hybrid
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283167802&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Thermo Fisher Scientific. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Work Schedule

Standard (Mon-Fri)

Environmental Conditions

Office

Job Description

At Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll discover meaningful work that makes a positive impact on a global scale. Join our colleagues in bringing our Mission to life - enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We provide our teams with the resources needed to achieve individual career goals while taking science a step beyond through research, development and delivery of life-changing therapies. With clinical trials conducted in 100+ countries and ongoing development of novel frameworks for clinical research through our PPD clinical research portfolio, our work spans laboratory, digital and decentralized clinical trial services. Your determination to deliver quality and accuracy will improve health outcomes that people and communities depend on – now and in the future.

The role

We are seeking an Associate Project/Project Manager to join our Global Clinical Supplies Team. This can be office based, hybrid, or fully homebased.

A day in the life

This role provides complete oversight of supply chain for sophisticated global clinical trials. Ensures project/study activities are in compliance with company and client requirements and acts as a representative for the department on all assigned projects.

Key Responsibilities

Develops study specific plans for each assigned project. 
Meets with internal teams to coordinate efforts, provide recommendations and risks, and update project reports/spreadsheets. 
Integrates all clinical supplies activities into the supply chain to support project logistic strategy and compliance with GxP requirements. 
Participates in ongoing training on new regulations. 
Represents the department internally and externally at meetings, strategic projects and initiatives as per the business requirements. 
Mentors and guides supports junior team members. 
Participates in process improvement initiatives. 
Maintains and uses existing tools while continuously looking for improvement opportunities. 
May participate in the bidding and/or bid defense opportunities 
Client contact for their supply chain requests/questions/concerns. 

Keys to Success

Education And Experience

Bachelor's degree or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification 
Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 5+ years). 

Knowledge, Skills And Abilities

Strong English and interpersonal skills both written and verbal 
Strong interpersonal, planning, organizational, problem solving, sense of urgency and decision making skills 
Effective leadership and team building skills 
Strong solid understanding of Microsoft Office suite and databases 
Strong focus on customers and attention to detail 
Ability to work in team environment, as well as work independently with little guidance 
Good understanding of clinical supply operations 
Proven client building and 3rd party relationship management 
Ability to provide customer service with the highest standards of quality and excellence 

We offer competitive remuneration, annual incentive plan bonus, healthcare, and a range of employee benefits. Thermo Fisher Scientific offers employment with an innovative, forward-thinking organization, and outstanding career and development prospects. We offer an exciting company culture that stands for integrity, intensity, involvement, and innovation!

Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Watch as our colleagues explain 5 reasons to work with us. As one team of 100,000+ colleagues, we share a common set of values - Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement - working together to accelerate research, solve complex scientific challenges, drive technological innovation and support patients in need. #StartYourStory with PPD, part of Thermo Fisher Scientific, where diverse experiences, backgrounds and perspectives are valued.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
