Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: AIXIAL GROUP
Role Name: Senior Global Project Manager - Contractor
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Neringa Kovalenkovaitė
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4281075439&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
The Aixial Group is a global Contract Research Organization (CRO), a member of the ALTEN Group, providing complex services in clinical trials (phase I-IV) and non-interventional studies. Our offices are located in France, UK, US, Belgium, Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, Romania, and India.

We are currently looking for an enthusiastic and talented Project Manager. This is a contractor position that requires up to 0,4 FTE of availability. This role can be home-based anywhere in the US and will require about 10% of travel.

The Role:
As a Project Manager you will be accountable responsible for supervising and managing small to large, global, complex, full-service project(s) or multi-project programs. You'll work well alongside a team, as well as individually to plan and deliver effective implementation of clinical trials, as well as reviewing and identifying project study trends, budgets, performance metrics and project reports. You'll provide an important point of control and assurance and therefore be required to maintain a high level of leadership, problem solving and decision making.

With proven project management experience working within a CRO, Phase I-IV studies and sound knowledge of GCP and ICH, you will have the ability to understand and interpret key business priorities. You'll be great at building relationships, an excellent communicator and will have strong interpersonal and motivational skills. You'll be managing expectations, ensuring client satisfaction and will have an opportunity to have a big influence in a growing, dynamic, and successful CRO.

Key responsibilities:
Plan and execute multiple phase I-IV studies to agreed timelines, scope, and budget, managing all aspects including overseeing vendors, to ensure patient safety, data integrity, and adherence to contract and protocol.

Qualifications and attributes:
Substantial, proven experience as a Global Clinical Project Manager (required)
Study finance management experience (required)
Strong cross functional management skills (required)
Strong problem solving, organizational and time management skills. Ability to multi-task and attend to detail (required)
Ability to develop and maintain positive, productive internal and external working relationships
Therapeutic area experience in early phase oncology, immunotherapies, and/or radiopharmaceutical (therapeutic, diagnostic) research (desirable)
Contract Research Organization (CRO) background (desirable)
Strong and confident in bid defense (desirable)
Bachelor's or equivalent combination of education and experience (required)

What we offer:
Opportunity to be part of an innovative organization and work with exciting technologies
Mentorship and training to further develop your skills in the clinical trials industry
The chance to both lead and be part of an effective, dynamic, friendly, and supportive team

For more information on Aixial Group Recruitment and consideration for other opportunities, please review the recruitment statement on our careers page - https://www.aixialgroup.com/join-us/

Please be aware that we do not accept resumes from outside agencies or recruiters unless specifically requested by a Aixial Group HR or Talent Acquisition Manager. Unsolicited agency or recruiter resumes will not be eligible for referral fees and will be considered candidates Aixial may directly contact for employment application.
