Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: NV5
Role Name: Senior Geotechnical Project Manager
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Judy Cohen -
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4144641447&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
NV5 is a provider of engineering and consulting services to public and private sector clients, delivering solutions through six business verticals: Testing, Inspection & Consulting; Infrastructure; Utility Services; Environmental Health Sciences; Buildings & Program Management; and Geospatial Technology. With offices nationwide and abroad, NV5 helps clients plan, design, build, test, certify, and operate projects that improve the communities where we live and work.

As engineers, architects, construction/program managers, environmental professionals and beyond, we play a significant role in shaping our communities through the services we provide. We are looking for passionate, driven individuals to join our team focused on Delivering Solutions and Improving Lives.

Responsibilities

NV5, Inc. is seeking a highly motivated, self-driven Geotechnical Engineer (PE) for a project manager position in its Orlando, FL office. The Orlando office provides consulting engineering services which include geotechnical engineering services and construction materials testing services. While a significant percent of our client base is private/commercial, we also perform public sector work.

Provide independent project management for geotechnical projects, and direct and execute geotechnical project assignments including, field exploration and laboratory services, and intermediate to complex engineering analyses and report preparation.
Prepare and review proposals and reports and ensure that client commitments are met in a timely manner.
Provide consultation during construction, and oversee/provide construction-phase observations and inspections.

Qualifications

Master’s degree in Geotechnical Engineering or with geotechnical emphasis, preferred.
At least 8 years of relevant geotechnical engineering experience.
Florida PE license (or ability to become registered in Florida within 3 months of hire).
Demonstrated above-average technical capabilities and working knowledge of basic geotechnical software (LPILE, FB-DEEP, SPW911, SETTL3D, SLOPE/W etc). Geotechnical numerical modeling skills a definite plus.
Strong technical writing skills.
Ability to work as part of a multi discipline team, think creatively and problem solve.
Must have valid driver’s license and an insurable driving record.
Good communication, interpersonal, organizational, teamwork, and client management skills.


NV5 offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, life insurance, PTO, 401(k) and professional development/advancement opportunities.

NV5 provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. NV5 complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Recruitment & Staffing Agencies: NV5 Inc does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than passive & active candidates and employee referrals. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to NV5 or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by NV5's internal Talent Acquisition team seeking 3rd party sourcing assistance. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement and given permission to represent NV5 to candidates on a particular search, NV5 will not owe any referral or other fees with respect to the unsolicited submission.
