Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Talentify.io
Role Name: Project Manager II (Remote - NC)
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283005896&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Overview

This is a remote role that may only be hired in the following location(s): North Carolina

This position is responsible for the advanced execution and administration of Bank projects. Manages all aspects of assigned project life cycle including planning, scope definition, design, and delivery. Tracks and reports progress against milestones, budgetary guidelines, or other performance indicators. Coordinates activities of both internal and external parties across multiple functions to achieve project goals. May occasionally guide less experienced associates in the work group.

Responsibilities

Strategy - Responsible for the strategic development, execution, and management of projects. Maximizes available resources while minimizing risk. Ensures high quality results by employing best practices, engaging appropriate expertise, and making administrative decisions.
Project Coordination - Coordinates a team of associates throughout project life cycle. Conveys clear expectations of project goals. Resolves issues, directs work activities, and keeps team on track with project schedule.
Collaboration - Works in conjunction with individuals, business units, and outside parties. Assists in negotiations with external consultants or vendors. Facilitates communication across functions to enhance process flow.
Reporting - Implements methods of tracking progress and performance. Conveys results of tracking to appropriate parties through reports or other documentation.

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree and 4 years of experience in Project Management OR High School Diploma or GED and 8 years of experience in Project Management

Preferred Experience

Current experience leading projects within a large financial institution
Proficiency in technology disciplines (programming language, network engineering, database architecture, system analysis, etc.)
Experience coordinating training and change management for changing financial standards
Experience documenting variances and projections at a program level
Experience refining workflows to support successful implementations
Problem solving and strong organization skills
Proven ability to communicate across hierarchical levels
Ability to quickly adapt to new situations and change courses as needed

The base pay for this position is generally between $88,650 and $153,660. Actual starting base pay will be determined based on skills, experience, location, and other non-discriminatory factors permitted by law. For some roles, total compensation may also include variable incentives, bonuses, benefits, and/or other awards as outlined in the offer of employment.

Benefits are an integral part of total rewards and First Citizens Bank is committed to providing a competitive, thoughtfully designed and quality benefits program to meet the needs of our associates. More information can be found at https://jobs.firstcitizens.com/benefits.

#EJC

Talentify helps candidates around the world to discover and stay focused on the jobs they want until they can complete a full application in the hiring company career page/ATS.
