Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Siemens Energy
Role Name: LTP Steam Turbine Project Manager
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274384474&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
A Snapshot of Your Day

You are a Steam Turbine (ST) Project Manager that thinks like a customer! The Long Term Programs (LTP) organization faces each day motivated to anticipate and find solutions that satisfy our customer’s needs. You'll collaborate with Field Service, Hub Sales and Order Management to ensure the ST and generator planning and maintenance on the LTP sites are carried out in a manner that contributes to both Siemens Energy and our customers.

This role will focus on supporting the LTP customer relationships that creates trust and reinforces the Siemens Energy mission of “Customer First”. As a crucial part of Siemens Energy, you'll ensure that solid plans are in place to support planned and emergent ST and Generator maintenance, parts list, critical spares lists, contingency plans and work is carried out to the best of SEI’s ability, providing technical expertise to the LTP PM’s managing the overall project!

How You’ll Make An Impact

Support the LTP PM and the customer, along with advising on technical solutions affecting operation and maintenance of units. Monitor and Drive Improvement of Key Performance Indicators (Unit Availability & Reliability, Revenue & Margin, Customer Satisfaction).
Collaborate with the District Service Office (DSO) and District Sales Manager to plan, schedule, and implement outages. Plan, prioritize and sell upgrades including extra work, along with supporting and developing the various exchange programs either in existence or that are identified by the role.
Drive lessons learned and corrective actions related to key Customer visible quality events and communicate resolution with Customers within TMS.
Support LTP contract program financials and review ST & Generator financial items with LTP management on a quarterly basis.
Build, grow and maintain strong customer and internal partnerships


What You Bring

Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience and overall in Power Generation.
Previous project management experience demonstrating ability to deliver complex and high value projects to multiple customers.
Dedicated, self-starting, creative individual with a solid knowledge of combustion turbine plants, project engineering skills, & good commercial sense.
Proficient in customer-facing roles and effective communication to senior management.
Familiarity with Steam Turbine and Generator maintenance.


Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States without need for current or future employer-sponsored work authorization. Siemens Energy employees with current visa sponsorship may be eligible for internal transfers

About The Team

Gas Services

Our Gas Services division offers Low-emission power generation through service and decarbonization. Zero or low emission power generation and all gas turbines under one roof, steam turbines and generators. Decarbonization opportunities through service offerings, modernization, and digitalization of the fleet.

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. With ~100,000 dedicated employees in more than 90 countries, we develop the energy systems of the future, ensuring that the growing energy demand of the global community is met reliably and sustainably. The technologies created in our research departments and factories drive the energy transition and provide the base for one sixth of the world's electricity generation.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Find out how you can make a difference at Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Rewards

Career growth and development opportunities; supportive work culture
Company paid Health and wellness benefits
Paid Time Off and paid holidays
401K savings plan with company match
Family building benefits
Parental leave
