Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: TE Connectivity
Role Name: SR PROJECT MANAGER ENGINEER (Remote) 1
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276877413&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
At TE, you will unleash your potential working with people from diverse backgrounds and industries to create a safer, sustainable and more connected world. 

Job Overview

The PJM is a “Mini General Manager” of New Product Development projects. The candidate should possess strong leadership and project management skills.

Responsibilities

Take total ownership of one or more New Product Development projects
Lead the Core Team toward a common objective
Manage resources
Ensure the project is “staffed for success” 
Negotiate with functional managers and Project Approval Committee (PAC) to alleviate resource constraints as needed
"Discipline the System" 
Ensure that the team are operating according to the development process
Keep people focused on the matters at hand as well as their area of responsibility
Report out project status to PAC following contract date
Be proactive to take actions and get thing done
Resolve conflict and controversial issues

What Your Background Should Look Like

Bachelor's degree 
5-10 years working experience in project management area or equivalent 
Manufacturing experience required 
Leadership proven skills in leading, developing, and managing teams 
Demonstrated Ability to create effective project plans, risk management, uncertainty management 
knowledge of project management techniques and tools 
Knowledge of manufacturing processes 
Knowledge of a matrix organization and how to navigate it 
Project management expertise to drive time to market balanced with commitment to quality 
Critical thinking and problem-solving skills 
Good oral English 
Qualification in project management or equivalent, PMP is preferred 

#TANAJC

Competencies

SET : Strategy, Execution, Talent (for managers)

About Te Connectivity

TE Connectivity is a global industrial technology leader creating a safer, sustainable, productive, and connected future. Our broad range of connectivity and sensor solutions enable the distribution of power, signal and data to advance next-generation transportation, renewable energy, automated factories, data centers, medical technology and more. With more than 85,000 employees, including 8,000 engineers, working alongside customers in approximately 140 countries. TE ensures that EVERY CONNECTION COUNTS. Learn more at www.te.com and on LinkedIn, Facebook, WeChat, Instagram and X (formerly Twitter).

Compensation

 Competitive base salary commensurate with experience: $116,500 – 145,600 (subject to change dependent on physical location)
 Posted salary ranges are made in good faith. TE Connectivity reserves the right to adjust ranges depending on the experience/qualification of the selected candidate as well as internal and external equity.
 Total Compensation = Base Salary + Incentive(s) + Benefits

Benefits

 A comprehensive benefits package including health insurance, 401(k), disability, life insurance, employee stock purchase plan, paid time off and voluntary benefits.

EOE, Including Disability/Vets

IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING RECRUITMENT FRAUD

TE Connectivity has become aware of fraudulent recruitment activities being conducted by individuals or organizations falsely claiming to represent TE Connectivity. Please be advised that TE Connectivity never requests payment or fees from job applicants at any stage of the recruitment process. All legitimate job openings are posted exclusively on our official careers website at te.com/careers, and all email communications from our recruitment team will come only from actual email addresses ending in @te.com. If you receive any suspicious communications, we strongly advise you not to engage or provide any personal information, and to report the incident to your local authorities.
