Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Spiezle Architectural Group, Inc.
Role Name: K12 Project Manager (Architect)
Location: Maitland, FL
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Danielle Tourikian
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276870165&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Spiezle Architecture is a 100% employee-owned firm! When you join Spiezle as an employee-owner, this is YOUR Company. By nature, employee ownership reinforces our culture of transparency and helps fuel our entrepreneurial spirit.

We are seeking a results-driven and talented licensed architect for our Project Manager (K12 Market) role to lead project teams. This exciting opportunity will allow you to work on both local and national projects. As an integral member of the management team, you will have the opportunity to execute projects to meet design, profitability, and deadline targets. You will also have the opportunity to participate in the selection, development, and retention of team members, mentor project architects and technical staff and take a pro-active approach to staff development.

Responsibilities

Project Management:
Manage, communicate, and coordinate all technical aspects of the project, delegate components appropriately
Adherence to schedule, making adjustments when needed
Manage complex projects and provides guidance to project architects, including monitoring project status and profitability
Mentoring of project architects and other project team members leading to increasing maturity and soundness of judgment in decision-making and in anticipating and solving project-related problems
Define and focus the goals of the client and continuously communicate these effectively throughout the project team members
Develop and maintain a positive leadership image and environment to promote staff morale and teamwork
Closely interact with client and client representatives

Quality Assurance/Quality Control:
Review project team’s work
Schedule and assure fresh eyes review occurs
Review sub-consultant’s work

Marketing:
Responsibility in developing leads and maintaining contacts within the field that results in bringing in new work; market clients for future projects in close consultation with the Principal-in-Charge (PIC) and or CEO; “Farming” existing clients, participate in contract negotiations; participates in proposal presentations, including draft budgets/fees; may serve as presenter for interviews and support presenter in interviews for existing and new project pursuits
Attend networking functions of targeted clients/customers to ensure brand/name recognition in coordination with the PIC

Administration and Financial Management:
Development, management, and improvement of project management methodologies
Participates in ongoing Team Performance Management, Training & Development, and Selection of key team members.
Heavily involved in weekly, monthly and long-term staffing coordination.
Request appropriate staffing utilizing the schedule and budget as guidelines. Assist the PIC in developing and managing project man-hours and planning schedule.
Assist in recruitment and interviewing activities.
Performance management; rewarding and overseeing employees in all aspects of day-to-day activities and issues.
Business acumen in budgeting, labor forecasting, setting fee to achieve targeted profit level, risk management for projects.
Other duties as assigned.

Design Expertise in Educational Facilities/ Industry Knowledge
Experience designing for K–12 schools, higher education campuses, and specialty learning environments (e.g., labs, libraries, auditoriums).
Ability to create flexible, adaptable spaces that accommodate diverse learning methods and future changes.
Understanding of acoustical design considerations in academic environments.
Experience with HVAC systems and lighting design to create comfortable, effective learning environments.
Sensitivity to the needs of students, teachers, and staff, with a focus on creating environments that foster learning, collaboration, and well-being.
Experience working with diverse stakeholders, including school boards, administrators, teachers, students, and community members, to understand their needs.
Familiarity with the funding and approval processes for educational projects, including public and private school systems.
Experience with public and private bidding of work for construction as well as construction, submittal review processes, and construction.

Code Compliance
Knowledge of building codes, fire safety, and accessibility standards (ADA compliance) specific to educational facilities.
Awareness of security and emergency planning measures, such as secure entry points, evacuation plans, and safe rooms.

Education, Experience, Skill Sets
Bachelors or master’s degree in architecture from an accredited college/university.
At least 8 years of experience, with demonstrated leadership skills successfully leading project teams, Profit/Loss capability, and project management responsibility for projects of various sizes.
Architectural License in the United States (or eligibility for reciprocity) required, or other related discipline certification or license
LEED or equivalent designation in sustainable design preferred but will train
Ability to communicate effectively both in written format and oral presentation
Ability to multi-task and establish priorities
Ability to maintain organization in a changing environment
Ability to serve as an agent of change and foster positive employee morale
Ability to delegate tasks appropriately
Exhibits initiative, responsibility, flexibility and leadership
Possess an in depth understanding of most building systems
Possess a thorough knowledge of contract administration and office procedures
Possess a thorough knowledge and ability to implement quality project management processes and methodologies
General knowledge of AutoCAD/BIM/Revit, Bluebeam, Sketchup
Ability to use Microsoft Office products such as Word, Excel, and PowerPoint required
Knowledge of Deltek for project planning/budgeting/profitability is preferred but will train

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU!
We are an employee-owned company and YES, you will be an owner and receive stock without purchase
Competitive pay, bonus opportunities, and year-round Flexible Fridays to jump start the weekend
The ability to work remote up to 2 days a week once acclimated!
Flexible work hours
We offer a robust and comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), ESOP, Group Life & Disability, Voluntary Life, plus many more!
Subsidized AIA membership and Professional License Renewals
Reimbursement for professional designation exam(s) such as LEED, etc.
Professional Development opportunities that align with the Firm's leadership succession plan and/or individual development plan because WE WANT YOU TO GET PROMOTED!
Social and team building events
We encourage our employees to pursue local and professional advocacy groups
We provide the opportunity to help with pro-bono initiatives that bring architecture to the community

Spiezle Architectural Group is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, M/F/Disability/Veteran. For additional information, please visit our website at www.spiezle.com
