Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Kraken
Role Name: Technical Project Manager - Consumer
Location: NAMER
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274237898&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Building the Future of Crypto 

Our Krakenites are a world-class team with crypto conviction, united by our desire to discover and unlock the potential of crypto and blockchain technology.

What makes us different?

Kraken is a mission-focused company rooted in crypto values. As a Krakenite, you’ll join us on our mission to accelerate the global adoption of crypto, so that everyone can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. For over a decade, Kraken’s focus on our mission and crypto ethos has attracted many of the most talented crypto experts in the world.

Before you apply, please read the Kraken Culture page to learn more about our internal culture, values, and mission. We also expect candidates to familiarize themselves with the Kraken app. Learn how to create a Kraken account here.

As a fully remote company, we have Krakenites in 70+ countries who speak over 50 languages. Krakenites are industry pioneers who develop premium crypto products for experienced traders, institutions, and newcomers to the space. Kraken is committed to industry-leading security, crypto education, and world-class client support through our products like Kraken Pro, Desktop, Wallet, and Kraken Futures.

Become a Krakenite and build the future of crypto!

Proof of work

The team

The Consumer team is responsible for delivering world-class financial experiences for everyday users across mobile and web. We are constantly working on extending the product suite with new features and improvements.

The opportunity

Drive cross-functional execution of product initiatives: Lead or support the execution of cross-functional Product initiatives by coordinating with Design, Engineering, Legal, Compliance, Marketing, and other partners
Own business reporting and communications: Create and maintain high-quality deliverables for internal stakeholders, including board decks, all-hands presentations, weekly/monthly KPIs, and initiative progress updates
Act as a strategic partner: Leverage your end-to-end view of the Consumer business (by attending key team meetings and monitoring performance dashboards) to surface opportunities/improvements, and act as a strategic partner for them when needed (e.g., setting up KPIs/forecasts)
Maintain team roadmap: Use your cross-functional visibility to keep the Consumer team roadmap current across all supporting teams, helping drive prioritization and visibility to xFn areas
Be the Consumer liaison for cross-functional requests: Serve as the first point of contact for incoming asks from other areas. Assess requests, handle those you can directly (e.g., data/reporting), and route others to the appropriate product team or stakeholder
Own the User Interviews Program: Manage the tooling and processes for Consumer’s user research initiative — enabling teams to conduct their own user studies
Manage software capitalization reporting: Report Consumer team effort that can contribute to company-wide software capitalization efforts, ensuring timely, accurate and auditable reporting each quarter
Ensure team documentation (e.g., team roster, Confluence pages, process guides) is clear, centralized, and up to date for both internal use and cross-functional alignment
Plan key team engagements: Organize key planning sessions and offsites for the Consumer team (e.g., team retreats, leadership offsites), ensuring agendas are aligned to priorities and drive forward momentum

Skills You Should HODL

Prior experience in chief of staff, business operations, strategy, consulting, or a similar cross-functional role, ideally with a product ops focus
Proven ability to manage and execute complex projects across multiple teams (e.g. Product, Legal, Finance, Engineering)
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; able to synthesize information quickly and drive data-informed decisions
Clear and concise communicator, both verbally and in writing; able to influence stakeholders and bring clarity to ambiguity
Familiarity with Atlassian Suite of products (Jira, Confluence, Jira Product Discovery), and other PM tools
Proficiency in Agile and waterfall methodologies with the judgment to apply context-dependent approaches
Ability to operate autonomously in a fast paced environment, make sound decisions, and take ownership of outcomes
Collaborative mindset with a bias toward action and continuous improvement
Deep interest in crypto and belief in Kraken’s mission to accelerate financial freedom and inclusion

 #USUKEU #CANUS 

This job is accepting ongoing applications and there is no application deadline.

Please note, applicants are permitted to redact or remove information on their resume that identifies age, date of birth, or dates of attendance at or graduation from an educational institution.

We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

Kraken is powered by people from around the world and we celebrate all Krakenites for their diverse talents, backgrounds, contributions and unique perspectives. We hire strictly based on merit, meaning we seek out the candidates with the right abilities, knowledge, and skills considered the most suitable for the job. We encourage you to apply for roles where you don't fully meet the listed requirements, especially if you're passionate or knowledgable about crypto!

As an equal opportunity employer, we don’t tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind. Whether that’s based on race, ethnicity, age, gender identity, citizenship, religion, sexual orientation, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state or local laws.

Stay in the know

Follow us on Twitter

Learn on the Kraken Blog

Connect on LinkedIn
