Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Woolpert
Role Name: Engineering Ports & Maritime Project Manager
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Hybrid
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276874790&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Overview

Seeking a new career challenge? Then Bermello Ajamil (BA), a Woolpert Company is seeking you!

BA, a Woolpert Company is seeking to hire an Engineering Ports & Maritime Project Manager to join our creative and collaborative team of professionals at our Coral Gables, FL office. This position will report to the Project Management Discipline Leader and is responsible for leading and facilitating ports & maritime engineering projects and multi-disciplined teams across the region. Experience with ports & maritime studios/sub-markets is required. This position supports full-time in-person/hybrid working arrangements.

We are unable to provide visa sponsorship for this position. Applicants must already possess work authorization in the country the job is located.

Responsibilities

 Lead and facilitate the overall cross-functional project team. 
 Oversee the quality of deliverables prepared by team members, including, but not limited to, construction plans, design calculations, technical reports, and project deliverables. 
 Resolve issues impacting project objectives. 
 Lead or support team in scope and budget/pricing development for proposals and dynamic project planning. 
 Reviewing complete projects for quality and conformity, and approving work performed by other engineers. 
 Independently applying extensive and diversified theoretical principles in the field of marine, structural and geotechnical engineering. 
 Support client relationships and business development in support of strategic business plan. 
 Act as key point of internal contact for communication. 
 Identify plan vs. actual performance variances. 
 Promotes Bermello Ajamil and parent company Woolpert as an industry leader and promotes service(s) with new and existing clients. 
 Collaborate with Market Leads in negotiation of project schedule, fee, scope and contract terms for complex, multidiscipline projects. 
 Identify, address and resolve any project issues impacting client goals, objectives and/or client satisfaction. 
 Defines and communicates client needs and expectations. 
 Ensures continuous stakeholder (client, client’s manager, etc.) communications. addressing, resolving and anticipating project issues. 

Qualifications

 Experience with Public/Municipal studios/sub-markets is required:
 L ocal communities, public agencies or other government projects . Municipal experience can include Parks & Rec, Aquatic Centers, Municipal Office, or Senior Center Design experience . 
 BA/BS degree in related field. 
 Active Professional Registration (NCARB) preferred. 
 Minimum of 10 years’ related industry experience required. 
 Strong understanding of project management fundamentals and ability to facilitate technical discussions. 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. 
 Demonstrated leadership skills and ability to negotiate, influence and manage risk. 
 Be able to effectively communicate in both internal and external relationships for all essential job functions. 
 Be able to make sound decisions/recommendations based on the evaluation and synthesis of project information and data. 
 Must be able to travel up to 20% for local, regional, and national clients and projects 

Unique Benefits

Certified as a Great Place to Work®, Woolpert is one of the fastest growing architecture, engineering, and geospatial (AEG) companies in the world. With over 60 offices and countless projects around the globe, Woolpert makes a real difference at home and abroad. In addition to offering competitive pay, we provide employees with a robust set of unique benefits, including:

 Diverse experiences: Work on meaningful projects that improve quality of life around the world. 
 Freedom to work program: Set your own schedule and location (as appropriate). 
 Principal program: Earn the opportunity to become an owner of the firm. 
 Flexible vacation 
 Career development: Explore a wide range of learning and growth opportunities within and across industries. Additionally, our employees have access to a wide range of trianing and coaghing programs and are rewarded for their achievements. 
 Health, life, vision, and dental insurance: Cover all your medical bases. 
 Paid sick time, fitness reimbursement, pet insurance, identity protection, technology stipend, employee assistance program, and more: Choose the benefits that work best for you. 

Level up your career with Woolpert. Apply today and join our team to help shape the future of tomorrow!

Why Woolpert?

Woolpert is looking for supportive, goal-oriented, and career-minded individuals who are, or are looking to become, industry leaders in their fields. We blend design excellence with innovative technology and geospatial applications to deliver exceptional value to our clients. When you join us, you'll join a team of experts who are passionate about their work and dedicated to building the next generation of industry leaders. Woolpert embraces progress and innovation, creating limitless opportunities for your career growth.

Our vision: Bermello Ajamil & Partners, Inc. | Architecture and Engineering Firm -

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)

 To all agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of Woolpert or any of our subsidiaries about this requisition. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee at Woolpert via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of Woolpert, unless such search firms/employment agencies were engaged by Woolpert's Talent Acquisition Team for this requisition and a valid agreement is in place. In the event a candidate who was submitted outside of Woolpert's applicant process is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid. 

 Posted Salary Range 

USD $118,200.00 - USD $177,400.00 /Yr.
