Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Intecrowd LLC
Role Name: Senior Certified Workday Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4273332791&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Founded by former Workday clients, we value partnership and engagement as a cornerstone of our business. With years of functional and technical experience in all phases of Workday's deployment life cycle, we can determine the most efficient integration designs and rapid deployment strategies. We develop maintainable solutions and provide support for integration testing and updates for new Workday releases.

This remote role can be located anywhere within the U.S. to perform the required responsibilities.

As a Senior Workday Project Manager, you are responsible for ensuring the successful completion of the project deliverables (e.g., charter, governance, project/staffing plan, issue logs, etc.) and work with the Client project manager to govern milestone deliverables such as Design sign off, Testing approvals, and address any other issues that stand in the way of project success. The Project Manager anticipates and/or identifies scope slip and champions project governance managing to the agreed budget and delivering the project profitably.

KEY EXPECTATIONS

Holds a current Workday HCM or Financials and Workday Project Manager certifications as well as additional training with the goal of becoming an expert in Workday's Implementation Methodology and leverage it on all engagements
Manage the implementation of 2+ simultaneous projects
Demonstrate competency in the Workday product suite - HCM, Payroll, and/or Financials
Participate in the sales cycle when requested to gather requirements, formulate delivery approach and develop a proposal/SOW or Change Order
Provide guidance and mentoring to other Project Managers working on their implementations
Ensure projects are properly planned and staffed
Work with the client project manager to identify/resolve all issues that could impact project scope and/or time frames
Work with Workday Delivery Assurance to ensure compliance with agreed to checkpoints
Ability to effectively present at Executive and Project Team levels & understand the needs of each audience
Facilitate clients’ intellectual and practical adoption of Workday best practices
Identify opportunities to position other service offerings
Maintain clients’ ongoing satisfaction, ensuring Intecrowd is reputable and referenceable once in production
Ensure the project is delivered within the budget outlined in the SOW
Present client with Change Orders in the event they're asking Intecrowd to perform tasks that are outside the scope of the SOW
Demonstrate computational thinking. Identify problem components, analyze patterns, remove inefficient configurations or processes, and construct algorithmic solutions scalable to ongoing client needs
Contribute to and mold a culture of continuous education amongst your colleagues, mentees, and managers - serve as a professional role model


Desired Skills And Experience

3+ years’ experience project managing Workday HCM, payroll or financial implementations with medium or large enterprise clients
Current Workday certifications preferred
Consulting experience either as an internal consultant or with a consulting/software company
Experience implementing Workday, Oracle, SAP, or PeopleSoft
Working knowledge with at least one of the following business areas: Human Resources, Benefits, Payroll, General Ledger, Accounts Payable/Receivable, Services procurement
Excellent organization, time management, and communication skills
Passion for providing exceptional customer service
Business development skills
Previous service sales experience a plus. Successful candidates have a balance of functional (business) and technical experience
This is a remote position, while travel is limited due to Covid, potential future travel expectation is +/-30% depending on project 


Employer’s Rights

Intecrowd has the right to revise this job description at any time. This job description is not a contract for employment. This job description does not list all the duties of the job. You may be asked by your supervisors or managers to perform other duties. You will be evaluated in part based upon your performance of the tasks listed in this job description.

Equal Opportunity Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or status as a Vietnam or disabled veteran.

Applications for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Intecrowd.
