Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Synchrony
Role Name: AVP, Consumer Bank Technical Project Manager
Location: Altamonte Springs, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4273296003&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
JOB_POSTING-3-72985-3

Job Description

Role Summary/Purpose:

The AVP, Consumer Bank Technical Project Manager (TPM) oversees the planning, coordination, and execution of technology initiatives supporting Synchrony Consumer Bank’s priorities. This role manages multiple projects within a governance framework, delivering world-class applications that meet business needs by collaborating with cross-functional, agile, and vendor teams. The TPM ensures project success by balancing requirements, timelines, and stakeholder engagement in a matrixed environment.

Our Way of Working

We’re proud to offer you choice and flexibility. At Synchrony, our way of working allows you to have the option to work from home, near one of our Hubs or come into one of our offices. Occasionally you may be required to commute to our nearest office for in person engagement activities such as business or team meetings, training and culture events.

Essential Responsibilities

Being able to work with architects, tech leads and engineers on technical issues
Lead end-to-end project lifecycle management for IT initiatives supporting consumer banking core platforms.
Develop and maintain comprehensive project plans, schedules and documentation (charters, roadmaps, status reports, risk registers).
Facilitate business requirement sessions and drive effective project execution, ensuring delivery on time and within budget.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams (development, analytics, QA, vendors) to achieve business objectives.
Oversee User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Quality Assurance (QA) processes in partnership with QA teams.
Manage multiple concurrent projects, prioritizing resources and balancing business demands.
Escalate and resolve risks, issues, and scope changes as necessary.
Design process flow diagrams; demonstrate proficiency in Visio, MS Project, Jira, Confluence, and similar tools.
Guide teams through technical challenges, providing innovative solutions and thought leadership.
Collaborate effectively with solution architects, tech leads, and engineering teams to troubleshoot, resolve technical issues and project roadblocks.
Develop detailed implementation plans and guide teams through technical challenges, providing innovative solutions and thought leadership.
Coordinate cutovers, system outages, and implementation activities.
Ensure delivery of accurate, up-to-date technical documentation for developed software.
Utilize strong analytical, communication, and leadership skills to understand business requirements and deliver innovative solutions.
Oversee deployment of new modules, upgrades, and production support.
Promote and ensure adherence to established standards, procedures, and compliance requirements.
Leverage Generative AI to streamline and enhance consumer banking processes.
Prepare and provide training to IT personnel as needed.
Perform other related duties and special projects as assigned.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree and a minimum 4 years of IT experience OR in lieu of degree, a High School diploma/GED with a minimum of 6 years of IT experience.
At least 4 years of project management experience, serving as a liaison between technology and business stakeholders on application-based projects using SDLC and/or Agile methodologies.
Minimum 2 years’ experience developing software applications, with familiarity in key programming languages, operating systems, and databases.
Experience with Microsoft Project or other project management tools.

Desired Qualifications

Technical experience with analytics tools, .Net, Java, SQL.
Familiarity with Agile methodologies and processes.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.
Experience in banking or financial services; Fiserv platform familiarity a plus.
Outstanding analytical, decision-making, problem-solving, and communication skills.
Strong attention to detail, initiative, and a customer-focused approach.
Proven track record of applying technology to solve business challenges.
Demonstrated ability to work independently or collaboratively in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.

Grade/Level: 11

The salary range for this position is 90,000.00 - 155,000.00 USD Annual and is eligible for an annual bonus based on individual and company performance.

Actual compensation offered within the posted salary range will be based upon work experience, skill level or knowledge.

Salaries are adjusted according to market in CA, NY Metro and Seattle.

Eligibility Requirements

You must be 18 years or older
You must have a high school diploma or equivalent
You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the onboarding process
You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
New hires (Level 4-7) must have 9 months of continuous service with the company before they are eligible to post on other roles. Once this new hire time in position requirement is met, the associate will have a minimum 6 months’ time in position before they can post for future non-exempt roles. Employees, level 8 or greater, must have at least 18 months’ time in position before they can post. All internal employees must consistently meet performance expectations and have approval from your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR if you don’t meet the time in position or performance expectations).

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

Our Commitment

When you join us, you’ll be part of an inclusive culture where your individual skills, experience, and voice are not only heard – but valued. Together, we’re building a future where we can all belong, connect, and turn ideals into action. More than 50% of our workforce is engaged in our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), where community and passion intersect to offer a safe space to learn and grow.

This starts when you choose to apply for a role at Synchrony. We ensure all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We’re proud to have an award-winning culture for all.

Reasonable Accommodation Notice

Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627. Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time

Job Family Group

Information Technology
