Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: General Dynamics Information Technology
Role Name: Solution Delivery Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $139,984 - $181,700.
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278083156&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Description:

Type of Requisition:

Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

None

Clearance Level Must Be Able To Obtain:

None

Public Trust/Other Required:

MBI (T2)

Job Family:

Software Development

Skills:

Job Qualifications:

Agile Project Management, Leadership, Planning, Software Development

Certifications:

None

Experience:

10 + years of related experience

US Citizenship Required:

No

Job Description:

Join GDIT where your work will improve outcomes for our Veterans. You will support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) with a Veteran first vision to transform the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) with greater visibility into claims processing. Together, we’re building a future of fast, transparent claims, empowered teams, and striving for a zero backlog, directly supporting Veterans and making a real impact on the lives of those who served. This high-impact solution accelerates the delivery of benefits to Veterans and their families.

The successful Solution Delivery Manager applicant will lead the product teams to achieve VBA’s mission goals which are accelerating VBA claims for our Veterans with a higher level of compliance and confidence. In this capacity, you will manage the staff and activities of multiple engineering teams responsible for performing all work associated with the design, development, maintenance, and testing of the product to achieve these goals. The product will mature incrementally to build and deploy the desired solution. You will be expected to raise risks and mitigate them on a daily basis and work closely with the program technical leads, translating VBA requirements into an actionable Product Backlog. You will be responsible for decomposing the Product Roadmap into Product Increments to complete specific milestones.

Work visa sponsorship will not be provided.

Responsibilities:

Provide strategic oversight and people management for multiple program workstreams while championing Lean-Agile practices 
Manage all aspects of Release and Deployment Management 
Provide executive level support for Stakeholder Engagement 
Lead and manage a cross-functional team of engineers, analysts, and developers 
Oversee the planning, execution, and delivery of program increments (PIs) from Program Roadmap 
Actively identify and resolve program-level impediments, risks, and dependencies, while fostering a culture of continuous improvement and collaboration. 
Partner with leadership to track and report on program performance metrics (velocity, throughput, KPIs) and ensure alignment with overall VBA objectives. 
Coach team members, conduct performance feedback, and mentor individuals to grow both technical and leadership capabilities. 
Serve as the primary point of communication between leadership, stakeholders, and the agile teams, providing clear updates, risk mitigation plans, progress reports and other deliverables as needed. 

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Business, related field, engineering or a related scientific or technical discipline with at least 5+ years of experience 
10+ years of experience of direct Veterans Affairs experience managing product delivery, software development, data analysis and/or system integration (must be Veterans Affairs) 
4+ years of experience managing cross-functional teams using Lean Agile practices 
Solid understanding of software development life cycle models as well as expert knowledge of both Agile and traditional project management principles and practices and the ability to blend them together in the right proportions to achieve the desired program results 
Proven track record of successfully into product development and deployment with measurable, quantifiable outcomes 
Experience overseeing multi-function scrum teams and the ability to synchronize task development to achieve the larger program goals 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Must be able to obtain a Position of Trust and successfully pass a thorough Government background screening process requiring the completion of detailed forms and fingerprinting 

Why Join Us:

Purposeful Work: Support public-sector missions that matter—healthcare, benefits, national security. 
Collaboration: Work alongside technical and mission experts to solve real-world problems. 
Flexibility: Remote-friendly culture and healthy work-life balance. 
Career Growth: Access to training, mentoring, and advancement opportunities. 
Benefits: Competitive compensation, healthcare, 401(k), PTO, and more. 

#Veteran_First

The likely salary range for this position is $139,984 - $181,700. This is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary. Rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

None

Telecommuting Options:

Remote

Work Location:

Any Location / Remote

Additional Work Locations:

Total Rewards At GDIT:

Our benefits package for all US-based employees includes a variety of medical plan options, some with Health Savings Accounts, dental plan options, a vision plan, and a 401(k) plan offering the ability to contribute both pre and post-tax dollars up to the IRS annual limits and receive a company match. To encourage work/life balance, GDIT offers employees full flex work weeks where possible and a variety of paid time off plans, including vacation, sick and personal time, holidays, paid parental, military, bereavement and jury duty leave. GDIT typically provides new employees with 15 days of paid leave per calendar year to be used for vacations, personal business, and illness and an additional 10 paid holidays per year. Paid leave and paid holidays are prorated based on the employee’s date of hire. The GDIT Paid Family Leave program provides a total of up to 160 hours of paid leave in a rolling 12 month period for eligible employees. To ensure our employees are able to protect their income, other offerings such as short and long-term disability benefits, life, accidental death and dismemberment, personal accident, critical illness and business travel and accident insurance are provided or available. We regularly review our Total Rewards package to ensure our offerings are competitive and reflect what our employees have told us they value most.

We are GDIT. A global technology and professional services company that delivers consulting, technology and mission services to every major agency across the U.S. government, defense and intelligence community. Our 30,000 experts extract the power of technology to create immediate value and deliver solutions at the edge of innovation. We operate across 50 countries worldwide, offering leading capabilities in digital modernization, AI/ML, Cloud, Cyber and application development. Together with our clients, we strive to create a safer, smarter world by harnessing the power of deep expertise and advanced technology.

Join our Talent Community to stay up to date on our career opportunities and events at

gdit.com/tc.

Equal Opportunity Employer / Individuals with Disabilities / Protected Veterans
