Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: SR PROJECT MANAGER ENGINEER (Remote)
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283108383&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for TE Connectivity. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

SR PROJECT MANAGER ENGINEER (Remote)

At TE, you will unleash your potential working with people from diverse backgrounds and industries to create a safer, sustainable and more connected world.

Job Overview

ROLE OBJECTIVE

This position is responsible for end-to-end Product Development projects leading cross functional team with KPI’s as Launch on Time, Budget, Cost & Quality.

Responsibilities

Lead multiple medium to high complexity New Product Development projects with end-to-end ownership of projects 
Excellent leadership ability to manage cross functional project team. 
Drive diverse and inclusion workplace by identifying individual differences and their value 
Stakeholder management – Manages stakeholder expectations. Setting up cadence with stakeholders for smooth execution of projects. 
Cost Control: Manage the Project Capital, Expense and Resource Expenditures to stay within budget and ensure that the financial metrics are met 
Economic Analysis: Support alternatives evaluation, variance analysis, cost calculations, etc 
Communications: Develop the Project Communication Plan, lead periodic Management Level Project Reviews, Report Project Progress.Developing project schedules, resource requirements and budget forecasts. Tracking and reporting on project progress and product cost 
Change Management: Perform integrated Change Management Control 
Addressing and resolving issues/impediments in project 
Monitoring coordination of internal resources with appropriate department, resolving operational issues, and ensuring project implementation on time, on cost, on quality 
Effective project Risk management: create, monitor, and control risk management plans 

What Your Background Should Look Like

EDUCATION & CRITICAL EXPERIENCE

Graduate degree or above in engineering with total 8~10 years of experience. 
3 years + of Project Management experience in industrial product / Hardware domain 
Distributed & multi-cultural team management experience 

COMPETENCIES (TECHNICAL & BEHAVIOURAL

MUST HAVE

In depth understanding of Toll Gate / Stage Gate process in Product development. 
Experience in effective project management strategies and tactics 
Experience in Stakeholder management, requirement management 
Fluent in English with good verbal and written communications skills, ability to communicate Globally at all levels internally and externally. 
Extensive experience in project planning & execution 
Extensive experience in Leading teams to success, collaborate across boundaries, track results, and develop Communication and responsibility matrix 
Proficient in Microsoft Project 
Proficient withMS office tools (XL, Word, PowerPoint) 
Proficient in projectROI analysis (NPV,IRR, Payback period) 
Work along withCFT for problem solving and brainstorming 
Fluency in English Communication 

PREFERABLE

Exposure to regulatory approval process such asUL,CSA,CQC, VDE etc 
Experience in Terminal and connector industry or products 
Understanding of manufacturing processes (Molding, stamping, plating) 
CertifiedPMP or equivalent project management certifications 

RELATIONSHIPS

This Position Will Interface With The Following

Senior Leadership 
Product Management 
Marketing & Sales 
Product Engineering 
Plant Engineering & Sourcing 
Finance 
Testing Labs 

MOTIVATIONAL/CULTURAL FIT

Problem solving 
Passion for technology 
Agility 
Results driven 
Clear and concise communicatio 

#TANAJC

Competencies

SET : Strategy, Execution, Talent (for managers)

About Te Connectivity

TE Connectivity is a global industrial technology leader creating a safer, sustainable, productive, and connected future. Our broad range of connectivity and sensor solutions enable the distribution of power, signal and data to advance next-generation transportation, renewable energy, automated factories, data centers, medical technology and more. With more than 85,000 employees, including 8,000 engineers, working alongside customers in approximately 140 countries. TE ensures that EVERY CONNECTION COUNTS. Learn more at www.te.com and on LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/te-connectivity/) ,Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/teconnectivity/) ,WeChat, (http://www.te.com.cn/chn-zh/policies-agreements/wechat.html) Instagram andX (formerly Twitter). (https://twitter.com/TEConnectivity)

Compensation

 Competitive base salary commensurate with experience: $117,000 – 145,000 (subject to change dependent on physical location)
 Posted salary ranges are made in good faith. TE Connectivity reserves the right to adjust ranges depending on the experience/qualification of the selected candidate as well as internal and external equity.
 Total Compensation = Base Salary + Incentive(s) + Benefits

Benefits

 A comprehensive benefits package including health insurance, 401(k), disability, life insurance, employee stock purchase plan, paid time off and voluntary benefits.

EOE, Including Disability/Vets

IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING RECRUITMENT FRAUD

TE Connectivity has become aware of fraudulent recruitment activities being conducted by individuals or organizations falsely claiming to represent TE Connectivity. Please be advised that TE Connectivity never requests payment or fees from job applicants at any stage of the recruitment process. All legitimate job openings are posted exclusively on our official careers website at te.com/careers, and all email communications from our recruitment team will come only from actual email addresses ending in @te.com . If you receive any suspicious communications, we strongly advise you not to engage or provide any personal information, and to report the incident to your local authorities.

Location:

Remote, PA, US, 17057

City: Remote

State: PA

Country/Region: US

Travel: Less than 10%

Requisition ID: 138500

Alternative Locations:

Function: Project Management

TE Connectivity and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and operating units (collectively, the "Company") is committed to providing a work environment that prohibits discrimination on the basis of age, color, disability, ethnicity, marital status, national origin, race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability or any other characteristics protected by applicable law or regulation.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
