Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Project Manager - Healthcare - Remote
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4272856352&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for AssistRx. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

The Project Manager will be a member of the PMO Team, reporting to the Director of Program Management. The PMO Team leads client software implementation projects and works closely with the Product Management team to identify opportunities and develop solutions. The Project Manager is a critical role within the organization, and is primarily responsible for successfully managing software implementations, from project initiation through project closure. The Project Manager will be working on a variety of interesting projects, and work closely with our clients as well as internal teams (including, but not limited to, Business Analysts, Development, QA, Sales, and Executive Leadership), in a fast paced and dynamic environment. We are looking for a Project Manager that is detail oriented, flexible when faced with change, able to manage multiple tasks and projects, skilled at building relationships with clients and internal team members, thrives in a fast paced work environment, and has a solid understanding of the software development lifecycle. This candidate will have many opportunities to impact business process and company success. This is a highly technical position with accountability for product quality that requires the ability to motivate and mentor cross-functional team members.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

Effectively manage client communications and expectations. 
Own the customer relationship – function as primary point of contact during implementation, and maintain position as trusted advisor to clients. 
Define implementation projects, execute tasks, complete deliverables, coordinate staffing, and monitor and report results. 
Develop and deliver training. 
Able to function as subject matter expert in order to collect complete and accurate business requirements from clients. 
Work as a team player and leader in order to effectively coordinate across functional teams. 
Collaborates with Product Management to balance product vision and voice of customer in order to recommend and deliver best-in-class solutions. 
Presents project statuses to executive team. 
Works closely with Business Analyst to ensure that all documentation accurately reflects client needs and clearly defined for Development and QA teams (i.e. business requirements, user stories, wireframes, functional specifications, test plans, etc). 
Manages issues, risks and changes using appropriate and agreed upon processes. 
Coordinate estimation of development effort. 
Plan milestones, track progress, prioritize bug reports. 
Coordinate training for team members. 

Requirements

PM needs deep technology skill set 
Understands, sFTP, API’s 
File formats 
Unique GUID’s 
Integrations 
HTML 
Specialty Pharmacy 
Proven, hands-on experience successfully implementing SaaS and/or enterprise software applications 
A working knowledge of pharmaceutical, special pharmacy, hub or related industries 
Direct experience in consulting for external clients 
In addition to the qualifications listed above, successful candidates will have the following characteristics: 
A self-starter who can thrive in a fast-paced environment with minimal direct supervision 
Highest ethical standards and personal integrity 
Good data, business, and financial analysis skills 
Superior communications skills, both verbally and in writing 
Proficiency with MS Office suite, including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Project 

Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Education And/or Experience Requirements

Passion for making a different in patients’ lives and reducing the administrative burden on physician offices. 
Bachelor’s Degree (preferably in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Business or related discipline). 
3-5 years of experience successfully managing complex software projects, including client facing projects. 
Agile software development experience preferred. 
Specialty pharmacy industry experience preferred. 
Ability to plan, direct, and deliver outstanding presentations. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Impeccable organizational skills and attention to detail. 
Exceptional interpersonal and teamwork skills. Capable of understanding a broad range of viewpoints and building consensus. 
Ability to multi‐task in a fast‐paced organization. 
Proven experience at working independently with minimal supervision and as part of a team to complete assignments. 
Flexibility and adaptability to rapid change. 

Benefits

Supportive, progressive, fast-paced environment 
Competitive pay structure 
Matching 401(k) with immediate vesting 
Medical, dental, vision, life, & short-term disability insurance 
AssistRx, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, or other non-merit based factors, or any other protected categories protected by federal, state, or local laws. 
All offers of employment with AssistRx are conditional based on the successful completion of a pre-employment background check. 
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Sponsorship and/or work authorization is not available for this position. 
AssistRx does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or any other vendor services. Any unsolicited resumes will be considered property of AssistRx and no fee will be paid in the event of a hire 

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
