Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: General Dynamics Mission Systems
Role Name: Engineering Project Manager NPD (New Product Development)
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276874092&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Basic Qualifications

Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, or a related Science, Engineering or Mathematics field. Also requires 8+ years of job-related experience, or a Master's degree plus 6 years of job-related experience. Agile experience preferred.

Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.

Responsibilities For This Position

ROLE AND POSITION OBJECTIVES:

As an engineering project manager/NPD (new product development) for Training Technologies business area , you’ll lead a cross functional team development team responsible for developing the next generation of training technologies products.

We encourage you to apply if you have any of these preferred skills or experiences:

Who we are looking for:

 Stron creative thinker with demonstrated success leading new product development from concept through commercialization 
 Experience in all related domains for product development: firmware, software, mechanical, electrical design, and manufacturing methods 
 Collaborative team player eager to provide technical leadership and position others for success 
 Thorough knowledge of technology trends and willingness to champion new ideas and process improvements 
 Strong presentation and communications skills with experience in the art of negotiation and the ability to meet challenging customer requirements with win-win solutions 
 Commitment to ongoing professional development for yourself and others 


What sets you apart:

 Product development experience with wearables 
 Experience with RF a plus 
 Experience with SubK manufacturing 


Our Commitment to You:

 An exciting career path with opportunities for continuous learning and development. 
 Research oriented work, alongside award winning teams developing practical solutions for our nation’s security 
 Flexible schedules with every other Friday off work, if desired (9/80 schedule) 
 Competitive benefits, including 401k matching, flex time off, paid parental leave, healthcare benefits, health & wellness programs, employee resource and social groups, and more 
 See more at gdmissionsystems.com/careers/why-work-for-us/benefits 


Workplace Options:

This position is fully remote, with occasional travel to a GDMS site when applicable

Target salary range: USD $139,189.00/Yr. - USD $154,412.00/Yr. This estimate represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors (geographic location, etc.). Actual pay may vary. This job posting will remain open until the position is filled.

Company Overview

General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high-performance team!

Equal Opportunity Employer / Individuals with Disabilities / Protected Veterans
