Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Presidio
Role Name: Senior Project Manager, Contact Center
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: recruitment@presidio.com, recruitment@presidio.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278632244&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
SEIZE THE OPPORTUNITY TO BE A PART OF SOMETHING GREAT!

Presidio is on the leading edge of a technology-driven movement to transform the way business is done, for our customers and our customers' customers. Joining Presidio means immersing yourself in a culture of self-starters, collaborators and innovators who make real, lasting change in the marketplace via cutting-edge technology and business solutions. At Presidio, we know that it’s our people that make the connections happen.

WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN US? You will set your career on track for outstanding achievement with a company that knows no limits. Presidio is a leading a global digital services and solutions provider focused on Digital Infrastructure, Business Analytics, Cloud, Security & Emerging solutions.

THE ROLE: Senior Project Manager - Contact Center

Job Summary

As a customer-facing Senior Project Manager for our Contact Center Team, you will facilitate and coordinate the implementation of large scale on premise and cloud contact center solutions with both short and extended timelines. The Sr. Project Manager is involved in all phases of the project from obtaining requirements to roll out, while maintaining budget, communications, and objectives of the overall project.

Travel Requirements

In this role you will be expected to travel up to 15%. This role is remote.

Job Responsibilities

Performs day-to-day management of all phases of the project including obtaining project requirements, design, development, test, and deployment of each project.
Completes critical path analyses and tracking to maintain an accurate and updated view of the activities and deliverables to ensure the project is delivered on time, within budget, and meets or exceeds customer satisfaction goals.
Manages resource planning by partnering with internal management to determine the project approach, staffing, responsibilities, and schedules according to the project timeline.
Manages projects while balancing appropriate gross margin and billable utilization targets as defined by annual goals.
Monitors cost to provide accounting support for project time, materials, and services.
Coordinates all project activities with business owners/stakeholders and other support, technical infrastructure, and application teams.
Manages relationships and coordinates work between vendors, customers, sub-contractors, and engineering teams throughout various locations.
Manages the completion and distribution of all deliverables to customers, by tracking the delivery status and installation schedules, in accordance with required timeframes.
Assures that all Statement of Work deliverables meet quality standards.
Oversees change management on the overall project scope, according to a predefined change process, to meet project goals.
Creates / maintains project schedules, risk mitigation plans, project budget, status reports, and all other project management-related documentation.
Resolves client satisfaction issues and develops a partner relationship for the long-term benefit of the client, the vendor and Presidio.
Remains up to date on relevant solutions to include:
Cisco Contact Center Express and Enterprise
Cisco Unified Communications
Cisco Customer Voice Portal
WebEx Contact Center and Contact Center Enterprise
Amazon Connect
Twilio Flex
Google CCAI and Dialogflow
Required Skills

Project Management experience in Contact Center solutions; Software development and/or Collaboration or Contact Center Solutions
Proficient in MS Project
PMP or Agile Certification (preferred)

Education And Experience

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience and/or military experience
Over all 10+ years of experience a hands-on Project Manager managing technical VAR implementation projects and having customer facing experiences

*****

About Presidio

Presidio is committed to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at the highest levels and has strengthened its drive to build and drive systemic DEI change process across all levels of the organization. Cultivating a culture of inclusion where the expression of all our differences are valued, celebrated, and add to our collective achievements.

Presidio is a global digital services and solutions provider accelerating business transformation through secured technology modernization. Highly skilled teams of engineers and solutions architects with deep expertise across cloud, security, networking and modern data center infrastructure help customers acquire, deploy and operate technology that delivers impactful business outcomes. Presidio is a trusted strategic advisor with a flexible full life cycle model of professional, managed, and support and staffing services to help execute, secure, operationalize and maintain technology solutions. We serve as an extension of our clients' IT teams, providing deep expertise and letting them focus on their core business. Presidio operates in 40+ US offices and offices in Ireland, London, Singapore, and India.

For more information visit: http://presidio.com

*****

Presidio is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer / VEVRAA Federal Contractor. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for this position regardless of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, ethnicity, veteran status, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations and ordinances.

To read more about discrimination protections under Federal Law, please visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf

If you have any difficulty using our online system and need an accommodation in the job application process due to a disability, please send an email to recruitment@presidio.com for assistance.

Presidio is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor requesting priority referrals of protected veterans for its openings. State Employment Services, please provide priority referrals to recruitment@presidio.com.

Recruitment Agencies Please Note

Agencies/3 Parties may not solicit to any employee of Presidio. Any candidate information received from any Agency/3 Party will be considered a gift and property of Presidio, unless the Agency/3 Party is an Authorized Vendor of Presidio with an up-to-date Presidio Contract in hand signed by Presidio Talent Acquisition. No payment will be made to any Agency/3 Party who is not an Authorized Vendor, nor has specific approval in writing from Presidio Talent Acquisition to engage in recruitment efforts for Presidio.
