Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Montrose Environmental Group
Role Name: Senior Air Quality Project Manager - Remote
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: careers@montrose-env.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4043393187&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=25

Job Description:
About the job
About You

Are you passionate about the environment and ready to join an inclusive workplace, committed to leading new ideas and pathways and delivering value? If the answer is “Yes!” then we have an exciting career opportunity for you as a Senior Air Quality Project Manager in South Louisiana. This role can be performed *Remotely with Louisiana experience.

Who are we? We are Spirit Environmental, a Montrose Environmental Group company. Montrose is a global environmental services provider offering environmental planning and permitting, measurement and analytical services, and environmental resiliency and sustainability solutions. Our qualified engineers, scientists, technicians, associates, and policy experts are proud of our collective expertise and the collaborative nature of our approach to helping clients. We strive to optimize environmental resiliency in a way that effectively complements our clients’ decision-making and operations and efficiently fulfills their project requirements.

We have over 135 offices across the United States, Canada, Europe, and Australia and are approaching 3500 employees – all ready to provide solutions for environmental needs.

The Montrose Environmental Solutions (MES) team delivers solutions for complex environmental challenges using our regulatory expertise and implementing practical and cost-effective compliance management processes and programs. We specialize in addressing our clients’ major concerns related to regulatory compliance, permitting, auditing, eco-services, assessment, remediation, emergency response, waste management, and legal enforcement. Our team consists of highly trained and experienced engineers, scientists, environmental and remediation specialists, geologists, hydrogeologists, biologists, and environmental compliance specialists working with public and private sector clients, providing comprehensive solutions. We also offer world-class advisory and specialty services. Our experts take a strategic approach to address broader environmental goals, including sustainability program development, data-driven decision-making using economics and ecology expertise, data management and validation, software strategy and implementation support, chemistry quality assurance, and EHSS auditing.

Position Overview: Our air quality team is growing, and we are looking to add a Senior Project Manager to our air quality services team in the Gulf Coast Region. This role will provide air quality consulting services to existing clients within the energy sector and clients in other industries we serve in the region.

A DAY IN THE LIFE

Our Senior Air Quality Project Manager position is located in South Louisiana but can be performed remotely if the candidate has experience working in/with Louisiana. This role will be responsible for managing tasks within the projects, scoping and budgeting for proposals, and communicating with internal and external clients to ensure projects are completed on time and within budget.

As a key member of the team, this role will be responsible for a full range of activities, including:

Develop scope and budget on various air quality projects.
Manage and complete projects as required by clients accurately and on time.
Develop high-quality work products and provide quality control reviews of both personal work and work produced by team members.
Effectively communicate information with the internal project team and external clients.
Develop and maintain trusting professional relationships with project team members and our clients.
Promote Spirit externally and help grow our services and revenue by marketing our services to potential clients.
Continue to learn and grow while mentoring/training other project team members.


Your Expertise And Skills

We are a dynamic and entrepreneurial consulting firm. We seek new team members who demonstrate technical excellence, exceptional problem-solving abilities, and strong communication and interpersonal skills. To perform this job successfully, individuals must be able to perform each duty and responsibility satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Skills:

Clean Air Act, MACT, BACT, RACT, NSPS, and GHG regulations.
State-level air quality regulations in Louisiana.
Emission calculations and the associated methods and systems associated with state and federal air permitting.
Emission inventory development in various states.
Air quality permitting, including minor and major source permitting.
The ability to train other internal project team members.
Additional state-level air quality experience within the Gulf Coast Region (Texas, Mississippi, Alabama) is a plus.


Additional Skills:

Time management, problem-solving, critical thinking, and decision-making.
Candidates should have excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Fundamental math and science competencies (e.g., unit conversions, use of formulas, data evaluation).
Proficiency with MS Office (e.g., Word, Excel, Outlook, SharePoint) and time/expense tracking software.
Proficiency with software and tools applicable to your project and areas of expertise.
Advanced understanding of relevant regulations related to their tasks, projects, and client operations.
Depth of technical competencies necessary to solve problems and scope new jobs accurately and completely; and to work with multiple industries and/or multiple clients within a large industry (e.g., oil and natural gas, chemical manufacturers, refining).
The ability to foster excellent, long-term client relationships and an entrepreneurial drive to identify new opportunities with new and existing clients.


Requirements:

B.S. or above from an accredited college or university in engineering or a related scientific discipline.
A minimum of 7-10 years of air quality consulting experience, with at least 4 years as a project manager, is required.
Understanding of engineering concepts such as chemical processes and emissions control technologies.
A high level of professional ethics
Capable of multitasking in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment, demonstrate organizational skills, and attention to detail.
Exercise safe work practices by following all Montrose and client safety rules and regulations, including attendance at all required safety training programs.
Participate in the company’s continuous improvement programs and support team efforts.
Proficient in using Microsoft Office Suite of computer-aided software (Microsoft Suite, Google Suite, ArcGIS, etc.).
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions to present to clients and colleagues.
This position can be fast-paced and demanding and will require motivated, flexible individuals to work on various projects.
The work environment will vary greatly depending on the nature of assigned tasks and may require fieldwork that can include climbing staircases, walking or working on uneven surfaces, and the ability to lift light loads.
Ability and Flexibility to travel (less than 25% ).


What We Can Offer You

As a key member of our Montrose team, you can expect:

Competitive compensation package commensurate with accomplishments, performance, credentials, and geography.
Competitive medical, dental, and vision insurance coverage.
401k with a competitive 4% employer match.
Mentorship and professional development resources to advance your career.
Direct exposure to our industry’s leading experts who are solving the world’s toughest environmental challenges.
An entrepreneurial environment where you can learn, thrive, and collaborate with talented colleagues.
Opportunities to engage and contribute to our Diversity, Fairness, and Inclusion, and Women Empowering Leadership employee resource groups.
Progressive vacation policies, company holidays, and paid parental leave benefits to ensure work/life balance.
A financial assistance program that supports peers in need, known as the Montrose Foundation.
Access to attractive student loan rates to optimize your student loan payoff plans.


The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of employees so classified. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact 949-988-3500 or careers@montrose-env.com for assistance.

MAKE THE MOVE TO ACCELERATE YOUR CAREER

We are a rapidly growing company that values individual leadership, initiative, and impactful decision-making and provides you with support from talented and knowledgeable colleagues and service providers.

Our highly trained and experienced engineers and scientists, environmental and remediation specialists, geologists, hydrogeologists, biologists, and environmental compliance specialists work with both public- and private-sector clients, delivering turnkey solutions. Want to know more about how we can help you take your career to the next level? Visit us at montrose-env.com!

If this opportunity inspires you and our Core Values (People, Integrity, Continuous Improvement, Excellence) resonate with you, then apply today!

Montrose is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Montrose is committed to recruiting and hiring qualified candidates without regard to race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, or veteran status. Montrose is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in its employment for individuals with disabilities.

#INDMEG
