Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Insight Global
Role Name: Remote Channel Experiences Planning Program Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274322840&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Reporting to Channel Enablement Planning Program Manager, this essential role will be responsible for bringing process rigor & execution excellence to the development of Channel Enablement to support successful planning, product launch, and the landing of key strategic initiatives to drive sales, growth, and velocity for RL to achieve sales goals.
 The right candidate will possess strong program management, organizational, analytical, and drive for results rigor– as well as have the ability to effectively influence and communicate cross functionally across all levels of an organization. This person will thrive in a fast-paced environment, be a self-starter, and have experience managing complex product launches and go-to-channel initiatives— with focus on driving sales results, meeting milestones, and measuring success along the way.
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
● Go-to-Channel Experiences Planning: Bring process rigor & execution excellence to the development of partner experiences to ensure the on-time development, delivery, and communication of channel experiences key work outputs including Physical Experiences (Merchandising, Demo Technology), Digital Experiences (Merchandising), and Sales Enablement (training content and readiness for internal Meta sales teams & external partner/ distribution sellers).
● Project Planning: Create detailed project plans outlining all tasks, timelines, and dependency requirements at the right altitude. Monitor / track progress against goals and make adjustments as needed. Hold teams accountable.
● Stakeholder Alignment: Bring the right people together at the right moments to have the right conversations to build robust channel experience plans in prep for channel sales execution. Develop & provide an objective viewpoint based on an in-depth understanding of the business & desired outcomes.
● Exec Engagement + Communications: Lead rhythm of business, communications flows and change management to drive alignment and awareness of key changes as they happen with cross-functional teams related to all things Channel Experiences.
● Risk Management & Mitigation: Identify risks, perform necessary due diligence, update plan of record documents, and socialize changes to stakeholders.
● Best Practices: Develop, document, and drive awareness of scalable processes and global best practices.
● Ensure project quality: Oversee the quality of deliverables from key internal partners to ensure they are meeting Sales’ teams needs. When issues arise, proactively resolve.
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
● 7+ year proven track record of driving successful, complex go to channel motions to achieve business growth across Retail, Telco, Direct to Consumer, and/ or B2B commercial sales channels.
● Knowledge of the AR/ VR/ Consumer Electronics go to market, industry trends, market conditions, and/or competitive landscape.
● Proven track record planning for or executing against channel sales business strategy, go-to-channel, and/or process optimization for large matrixed organizations.
● Proven track record of driving clear communications, working across cultures, and influencing stakeholders without authority across all levels of an organization.
● Deep experience managing workload within a fast-paced time frame.
● BA/BS in Business or Marketing related field (or similar work experience).
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
● Experience in building new processes and managing change in growing companies to scale
● Proven capacity to get things done at short notice while collecting information from a variety of internal and external sources.
● MBA/ Master Degree.
● Direct experience with sales enablement of HW/ SW device selling for the b2b/ commercial sales channel
