Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: CSI
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: recruiter@csiweb.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278578734&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Description

Project Managers are responsible for the initiating, planning, executing, monitoring & controlling, and closing CSI internal, departmental, and customer facing projects with new and existing customers with the overall accountability for the success for projects assigned. Typically manages multiple, unique, complex, cross-functional, and/or larger-scoped projects. Assigned projects tend to require more proactive, higher-touch, engagement with internal and external stakeholders, including senior leadership.

Initiation

Drives effective hand over from project sponsor
Executes kick-off meeting

Planning

Reviews standard project plan and refines as required for each project base on complexity factors and impacts as identified by the team
Ensures all team members are assigned to required project roles
Reviews project plan highlights and team with the customer
Discusses critical project success factors with the customer

Execution

Establishes initial project setup
Regularly engages and communicates with project teams to ensure project is progressing as planned
Proactively identifies and manages key project issues & risks

Monitoring & Controlling

Regularly reviews project plan and other available information to gauge project status
Regularly reviews time reporting to ensure actual work is in line with planned work
Executes regular internal and external project status meetings
Provides regular written project status updates
Performs proactive and disciplined escalations of issues and risks that may put the project in jeopardy status

Closing (completion and closure)

Executes post project review meeting to identify lessons learned
Executes project surveys to obtain the voice of the customer feedback and overall customer satisfaction with the project

Other

Proactively engages and contributed to building and continually improving methodologies, processes, and documentation
Assesses internal processes or procedures to improve the efficiency, costs, and profitability of CSI project management
Mentors Project Manager and provides resources as needed
Serves as back-up to department manager as needed
Performs other duties as needed

The minimum amount of relevant work experience required to successfully perform the job is at least five (5) years of experience in managing multiple project engagements. Education or job knowledge is equivalent to college or university undergraduate education. PMI Project Management Professional or Certified Associate in Project Management certification preferred.

As a forward-thinking software provider, Computer Services, Inc. (CSI) helps community and regional banks solve their customers’ needs through open and flexible technologies. In addition to its award-winning core banking platform, these include the latest in lending, digital banking, payments, financial crime prevention and cybersecurity. Building on its nearly 60-year track record of personalized service, CSI is shaping the future of banking and empowering its customers to rival their competition. For more information about CSI, visit www.csiweb.com

CSI provides rewarding and challenging career opportunities for our employees. When determining your pay, we consider various factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience and location. Along with a competitive salary, this position includes eligibility for incentive awards based on both individual and business performance. We also offer a comprehensive range of benefits. To learn more about our benefits, visit: Benefits Summary

CSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. If you need an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email us at recruiter@csiweb.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.

For applicants residing in California, please read Privacy Notice for California Residents | CSI (csiweb.com)

Visa Sponsorship: We are unable to offer visa sponsorship for this position. Applicants must be authorized to work in the United States without the need for sponsorship now or in the future.
