Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Talentify.io
Role Name: Civil Project Manager - Comm I/Remote
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283004984&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
CEI Engineering Associates is looking to hire a full-time Civil Project Manager to work at our office in Bentonville, AR/remote in our Commercial I department. Do you have superior interpersonal and communication skills? Would you like to work with an established civil engineering and landscape architecture company? If so, please read on!

This project management position earns a competitive wage. We provide excellent benefits, including comprehensive health offerings, a 401(k) with a company match, an employee stock ownership plan, a quarterly incentive bonus program, continuing education opportunities, and a health and wellness reimbursement program. If this sounds like the right land development opportunity for you, apply today!

About Cei Engineering Associates, Inc

Established in 1973, we became a leader in civil engineering, land surveying, and landscape architecture by approaching each project with the same objectives: to help our clients streamline their processes, create efficiencies, avoid costly mistakes, and drive revenue to their bottom line. With offices from coast to coast and a dedicated team of more than 100 professionals, we are a diverse, deeply experienced, and inclusive firm ready to help our clients take advantage of every opportunity that comes their way.

We employ hard-working people who want to develop and grow along with our company. We also want to help our employees and their families lead healthy, balanced lives. Therefore, we provide affordable coverage that promotes wellness beyond basic healthcare. By offering competitive pay, excellent benefits, and ongoing training, we foster a supportive environment where our team can excel. Most importantly, we aim to give our employees the opportunity to do what they do best every single day.

A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A CIVIL PROJECT MANAGER

As a Civil Project Manager, you play an integral part in ensuring that clients receive quality outcomes from our land development projects. You do more than just manage project scope, schedule, and budget. The "face" of CEI, you are involved in the conceptual and design phases, the review process, bidding, construction, and project completion. You pride yourself on your ability to develop repeat business based on quality work and excellent service.

Highly collaborative, you are a key point of contact for clients, contractors, and local government officials. You coordinate work with staff and design team members. In every land development project, there are design aspects that you review. These may include site landscape layouts, grading plans, stormwater management facilities, water quality practices, or utilities. With attention to detail, you also review work products, quality control, and budgeting. You get great satisfaction from leading your team to complete important projects successfully, which is why you're perfect for this project management position!

Qualifications For a Civil Project Manager

Bachelor's degree in civil engineering, landscape architecture, or equivalent training/experience
3+ years of experience in land/site development with experience in utilities, drainage, quality control, site entitlement, and progressive project management
Working knowledge of AutoCAD, Civil 3D, and Microsoft Office Suite
Valid driver's license, an acceptable driving record, and the ability to occasionally travel overnight
A professional engineer (PE) or LA license is preferred but not required.

Talentify helps candidates around the world to discover and stay focused on the jobs they want until they can complete a full application in the hiring company career page/ATS.
