Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Snowflake
Role Name: Consulting Manager, Services Delivery Management
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278660707&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Where Data Does More. Join the Snowflake team.

This role is remote and can be based anywhere in the United States.

AS A PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CONSULTING MANAGER, SERVICES DELIVERY MANAGEMENT AT SNOWFLAKE, YOU WILL:

Lead and develop a team of Services Delivery Managers (SDMs) who serve as our Snowflake implementation, optimization and delivery experts
Provide operational, tactical and strategic delivery leadership portfolio of projects to deliver customer commitments on time and on budgetSupervise and direct the operational, tactical, and strategic facets of a project portfolio, guaranteeing the prompt and budget-conscious fulfillment of client obligations.
Working closely with SDMs, proactively identify and effectively address projects risks in a timely manner
Demonstrate sense of ownership and accountability and contribute to the team culture
Be a champion of continuous improvement in identifying improvement items through formal lessons learned process to constantly improve delivery processes, team capabilities and program/project management proficiencies to consistently raise the bar on customer delivery outcomes
Mentor and manage a team of Snowflake SDMs, helping them to develop their expertise and grow their careers
Lead recruiting and onboarding efforts for Services Delivery Managers
Be a project and program management expert on all aspects of the Snowflake implementation and variety of project and services types
Provide delivery quality oversight and guidance for Snowflake engagements by ensuring adherence to delivery best practices
Work with Professional Services Practice Teams and Sales Account Teams to support sales pursuits – scoping projects, estimating work, creating delivery proposals and providing regular delivery updates for ongoing projects
Work with Customers, System Integrators, and Technology Vendors on project pursuits, cadence and project progress
Develop processes to improve our services delivery and maintain level of excellence
Provide guidance on how to resolve customer-specific project challenges, own escalations and high profile situations
Collaborate with Product Management, Engineering, and Marketing to continuously improve Snowflake’s products and marketing
Present our services delivery capabilities to internal teams, external partners, and customers


OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL HAVE:

A BS/BA degree in project management, computer science, engineering, mathematics, related fields, or equivalent practical experience
10+ years of experience working with customers in a post-sales delivery role, focused on delivering professional services – i.e., scoping large projects, developing delivery estimates and proposals, executing project plans, and presenting to both project management and executive audiences
Stellar consulting skills including ability to map business requirements to technical solutions, problem solving skills, proactivity, etc and needs to be passionate about developing these skills in others
5+ years of direct experience in people management, coaching, mentoring, and developing teams
Extensive hands-on expertise with project management methodologies (e.g. Agile, Waterfall, etc.), project management certification a big plus (e.g. PMP, Agile, Scrum)
Experience leading and managing projects including databases, data warehouses, and data processing, including large-scale database technology (e.g. Oracle, Teradata, Netezza, Greenplum, etc.)
Experiencing managing and mitigating project risks and critical path dependencies for large scale enterprise projects.
Experiencing in complete project lifecycle management from requirements gathering to post implementation support
Experience managing projects involving migration or implementation of cloud based solutions
Experience constructing project plans and managing risk with projects including common data integration and data transformation tools (e.g. Informatica, DataStage, Talend, Matillion) and common BI and data exploration tools (e.g. Microstrategy, Business Objects, Tableau)
Understanding of complete data analytics stack and workflow, from ETL to data platform design to BI and analytics tools
Ability and flexibility to travel to work with customers on-site up to 25% of the time


Every Snowflake employee is expected to follow the company’s confidentiality and security standards for handling sensitive data. Snowflake employees must abide by the company’s data security plan as an essential part of their duties. It is every employee's duty to keep customer information secure and confidential.

The application window is expected to be open until August 17. This opportunity will remain posted based on business needs, which may be before or after the specified date.

Snowflake is growing fast, and we’re scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We are looking for people who share our values, challenge ordinary thinking, and push the pace of innovation while building a future for themselves and Snowflake.

How do you want to make your impact?

For jobs located in the United States, please visit the job posting on the Snowflake Careers Site for salary and benefits information: careers.snowflake.com
