Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Motorola Solutions
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Remote
Salary range: $120,000.00 - $145,000.00
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276871050&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Company Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. Our critical communications, video security and command center technologies support public safety agencies and enterprises alike, enabling the coordination that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals and safer businesses. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we help people be their best in the moments that matter. We help firefighters see around buildings and police officers see around street corners. Our work is very meaningful, impactful, and cutting edge and we invite you to explore it. We are the Best!

Motorola Solutions is a world leader in the field of professional mobile communications systems with an impressive heritage of technological innovations and a global base of installed systems. The group's main business is the implementation of mission critical digital mobile communication systems for Government & Public Safety Communications customers.

Job Description

Note: This is a remote position with travel (25%-50%+) to support projects. The candidate must reside in FL within a reasonable driving distance of one of our listed locations.

Overview:

The Project Manager will be responsible for managing the development and/or implementation of Motorola Solutions products or services. The PM coordinates departmental or cross-functional teams, focused on delivering new or upgraded existing products or services

Responsibilities: 

Manages projects from inception to completion (or transition), including tracking and evaluation of project performance. 
Ensures that projects are completed on time, within budget, and within accepted quality metrics. 
Participates in project review and status meetings, and communicates project status. 
Motivates project team to ensure optimal performance. 
May assist in the development of business plans, strategies, and approaches to take advantage of business opportunities. 
Project Manager (PM) is responsible for the implementation of Communication System Projects and will act and be recognized as the leader / focal point for all aspects of assigned project(s). 
Responsible for delivering the contractual scope, on schedule and within budget, while maintaining customer satisfaction. 
Must be able to utilize PM tools (schedule, critical path analysis, budget, change order, risk assessment, action item log, etc) to analyze complex issues and develop resolutions for any issues related to assigned project(s). 
The PM is responsible for allocating all necessary resources to meet project objectives, corporate financial, and customer satisfaction goals. 
The project manager is responsible for direct communication to customer’s organization and relevant senior stakeholders internally by conducting project reviews throughout the life of the project. 
In addition, the project manager is responsible for the overall pre-tax profit of all projects. 

Skills:

Proficient in Microsoft Office (WORD, Excel, PowerPoint & Project)
PM Masters Certificate a plus. PMP is highly desired. PMP and/or Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM). 
Understanding of two way radio / cellular infrastructure communications products, services, and systems a plus. 
Understanding of local public safety customers, such as police, fire, and emergency medical services is a plus. 
Must be a self motivated team player able to work effectively with general guidance toward objectives. 
Must have excellent interpersonal, presentation, and negotiation skills

Target Base Salary Range: $120,000.00 - $145,000.00 USD

Consistent with Motorola Solutions values and applicable law, we provide the following information to promote pay transparency and equity. Pay within this range varies and depends on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The actual offer will be based on the individual candidate.

Basic Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree and 4+ years of project management, engineering or similar experience
OR 6+ years of project management, engineering or similar experience
Legal authorization to work in the U.S. indefinitely is required. Employer work permit sponsorship is not available for this position. 

Travel Requirements

25-50%

Relocation Provided

None

Position Type

Experienced

Referral Payment Plan

Yes

Our U.S. Benefits include:

Incentive Bonus Plans
Medical, Dental, Vision benefits
401K
10 Paid Holidays
Generous Paid Time Off Packages
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Paid Parental & Family Leave
and more!

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.
