Status: pending
Data-Status: pending
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: InStride
Role Name: Implementation Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: recruiting@instride.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4377649063&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
At InStride, people are our purpose.

We believe that investing in people is the most powerful way to drive success—for individuals and organizations alike.

As a public benefit corporation, we partner with leading employers to unlock opportunities for their employees, providing access to top-tier education programs that align with their employees’ career goals and the company’s business goals.

Our mission goes beyond skill-building; we're here to empower our partners’ employees to advance their careers, elevate their expertise, and achieve meaningful personal and professional growth.

No matter the team you’re on, our dedication to the success of our partners and their employees is what drives us. If you're passionate about making a difference and driving educational and professional advancement, InStride is the place for you.

To get a better feel for our culture, watch more here.

Candidates must be located in one of the following states to be considered eligible for employment: AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IL, IN, KS, LA, MD, MA, MI, MO, NV, NH, NJ, NY, PA, OH, OR, TX, VA, WA, WI.

What we're looking for (role overview):

InStride is currently seeking a motivated Implementation Manager responsible for leading InStride’s Clients and Academic Partners throughout their onboarding experience as well as future change order requests. This role will onboard both new Academic Partners to expand InStride’s network of available education programs, and new Clients who are launching life-changing education opportunities for their employees. As Client and Academic Partnerships evolve, the Implementation Manager will also lead expansions. Successful candidates are comfortable operating independently to seamlessly run multiple business-critical implementation initiatives, blending relationship management with the ability to define, implement and scale processes. This position reports to the Sr. Manager of Implementation. 


Skills we’d love to see you show off:

Implementation Operations: Deep understanding of partnership onboarding and operations, ensuring you can seamlessly implement and expand corporate and academic learning programs using best practices. 
Relationship Management: Strong interpersonal skills to build and maintain relationships with clients and academic partners, ensuring alignment and successful program delivery. 
Process Development and Scaling: Operational experience in defining, implementing, and scaling processes to support the efficient delivery of corporate education programs and academic partnerships. 
Collaborative Spirit: Ability to work effectively with internal teams, enhancing and improving operations and features for product readiness as well as clients and academic partners. 
Independent Leadership: Proven ability to operate independently, managing multiple business-critical implementation initiatives with minimal oversight. 


Who you are (ideal profile):

Four (4) years of technology implementation, client onboarding, B2B consulting or account management experience, higher education or educational technology experience 
Experience with large Software-as-a-Service deployments, including digital transformation initiatives
Able to define, scale and improve processes while maintaining strong client relationships
Passion for solving Partner challenges with a bias for speed and action and a high level of accuracy and attention to detail
Comfortable working with Salesforce, Jira, Confluence, Zendesk and other CRM and project management technologies
Demonstrate the highest level of integrity with outstanding interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
Exposure to the functioning of higher education institutions through direct experience or deep affiliation with the education industry
Excited by the challenge of building a world-class business that has a meaningful impact on society
High EQ, comfort with ambiguity and a “no job too small” startup mentality


How you will create impact (key responsibilities):

Build strong work relationships with clients and teams, delegate tasks, and conduct regular evaluations. 
Collaborate closely with operational teams to drive and run all phases of implementations, ensuring timely, high-quality completion of the onboarding and expansion experience. 
Advocate for partners and their learners as InStride evolves its processes and product functionality. 
Lead the end-to-end onboarding and expansion experience for clients and academic partners. 
Work closely with Product Management and Engineering teams to ensure implementation requirements are executed to the current state of product functionality. 
Ensure that each partner receives the right level of support, bridging the gap between sales and program growth. 
Continuously seek opportunities to accelerate and improve the implementation process
Build and maintain relevant documentation and materials to support internal and external teams. 
Deliver scalability in the implementation by driving adoption of tools and repeatable best-in-class practices. 
Collaborate closely with operational teams to drive and run all phases of implementations, ensuring timely, high-quality execution


Compensation

At InStride, final offer amounts are dependent on multiple factors including location, depth of experience, interview performance and equity with other team members.

We encourage you to talk with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits available for this role.

Compensation range:

$105,000—$115,000 USD

We are looking for someone who is not only technically skilled, but also enthusiastic about making a meaningful impact. If this description resonates with you, we're excited about the possibility of having you on our team. As a skills-driven employer, we encourage you to apply if there is a skill-fit, even in the absence of years of experience.

Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At InStride, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role, but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this role!

Benefits @ InStride 

As an organization that champions investing in people, it’s critical we walk the talk. That’s why InStride employees are eligible to enroll in 2,800+ online certificate and degree programs through our Step Forward program. Unlike traditional tuition reimbursement programs, InStride covers your tuition upfront, regardless of your course of study, degree type, or school - eligible to employees starting Day 1.

This role is also eligible for the following benefits:

401(k) plan with company match 
Flexible vacation policy
Paid family leave
Best-in-class health care benefits
And more!


InStride Diversity and Inclusion Statement

At InStride, we foster a culture of belonging, we support authenticity and intersectionality, and we embrace and appreciate our differences. We do this by building a diverse pipeline of talent and ensuring equitable access to opportunities, information and leadership. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let your recruiter know.

Policies & Disclosure 

InStride recommends employees have their COVID vaccinations. InStride may require employees to have COVID vaccination before entering the office or attending any InStride-related even in the future. However, we do not require this at this time.

For questions on how we use personal information of job applicants, please refer to InStride's Job Applicant Privacy Policy.

Beware of recruiting scams. InStride does not require a financial transaction or any financial account information to be eligible for employment. If you receive a message purporting to be from InStride asking you for a financial transaction, your financial account information, or any other sensitive information, please do not respond and let us know immediately at recruiting@instride.com.

About InStride

InStride is a human capital management company that helps organizations retain talent, upskill employees, and fill critical workforce roles through education programs. By breaking down barriers to learning, fostering career growth aligned with organizational goals, and simplifying program management, InStride delivers lasting impact. Partnering with forward-thinking companies like Labcorp, Adidas, and SSM Health, InStride drives meaningful social and business outcomes by providing access to life-changing education. Visit instride.com or follow InStride on LinkedIn for more information and up-to-date news.
