Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Systematic Literature Review Project Manager (RA III)
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283109408&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Thermo Fisher Scientific. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Work Schedule

Standard (Mon-Fri)

Environmental Conditions

Office

Job Description

About Evidera:

Evidera is a business within Thermo Fisher Scientific, a world leader in serving science with annual revenue of approximately $40 billion. Evidera provides integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

Position Overview

This role will independently direct key aspects of systematic literature review (SLR) research projects with guidance from senior staff, as well as manage multiple projects with tasks varying to degree by project.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities (other Duties May Be Assigned)

Define and refine research questions as they pertain to the SLR objectives 
Design of literature searches/algorithms to be implemented in scientific literature databases (i.e., PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, etc.) and grey literature sources (conference proceedings, regulatory agencies). 
Develop inclusion/exclusion criteria within the PICOS framework to be implemented during screening process 
Oversee the screening of abstracts and full-text articles against defined inclusion/exclusion criteria to assess their suitability for inclusion in the review 
Review the PRISMA diagram depicting the study attrition 
Validate data abstraction and extraction 
Finalize the analyzable dataset 
Draft tables and figures for analysis results 
Synthesize the evidence base by through drafting and editing sections of project deliverables (e.g. reports, protocols, statistical analysis plans) and dissemination actives, abstract and manuscript preparation 
Delegate tasks to junior staff and review their work as appropriate 
Develop a project plan and monitor project progress, including timeline and budget 
Draft project proposals, including scoping the body of evidence and preparing project budgets) 
Co-lead (or lead) client communications, both via email, phone, and in-person; responsible for day-to-day communications 
Participate in nonliterature-based research and consulting activities within other departments (e.g., modeling and simulation, real-world evidence). 
Participate in staff recruitment and training efforts 
Serve as a line manager (depending on skills/experience) 

Education, Professional Skills & Experience

PhD in health sciences, economics, biology, natural sciences or a related field with some related experience; MSc. with significant related experience, or Bachelors with extensive relevant experience. 
Proven experience in systematic literature review methods in health economics and/or health services research; experience in network meta-analysis would be an advantage, but is not essential. 

Personal Skills & Competencies

Commercial experience in a similar environment is highly desirable, but not essential 
Deep understanding of research principles and demonstrated practical research implementation 
Ability to access and use a variety of computer software developed both in-house and off-the-shelf. 
Ability to communicate information and ideas so others will understand; with the ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences. 
Frequently interacts with others to obtain or relate information to diverse groups. 
Works independently with little guidance or reliance on oral or written instructions and plans work schedules to meet goals. 
Performs a wide range of variable tasks as dictated by variable demands and changing conditions with little predictability as to the occurrence. Ability to perform under stress. Ability to multitask. 
Regular and consistent attendance. 

Perks

We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, with clear opportunities for growth and career progression. You will have the opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers. Our offices boast a fun and collaborative working environment, frequent social events and a robust support system. We are committed to providing training and professional development, with ample opportunity to advance, for all our staff.

If you resonate with our core competencies and want to contribute to research and consulting services driven by world-class science and thought leadership, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
