Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Wheel
Role Name: Implementation Project Manager (Contract)
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4275926027&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Title: Implementation Project Manager (Contract)

Location: US Remote

About The Company

Wheel is evolving the traditional care ecosystem by equipping the nation's most innovative companies with a premier platform to deliver high-quality virtual care at scale. We offer proven strategies and cutting-edge technologies to foster consumer engagement, build brand loyalty, and maximize return on investment. Wheel solutions include configurable virtual care programs, an intuitive consumer interface, and access to a nationwide network of board-certified clinicians. Discover how Wheel is transforming the future of healthcare by visiting www.wheel.com.

About The Role

We are seeking an eager, outcome-oriented Contract Implementation Project Manager to join our Implementation team. Implementation Managers know the ins-and-outs of Wheels offering. Implementation Managers are responsible for supporting the success of their clients. This person will “take the baton” from Sales after contract and project manage our Clients through the launch process from planning, designing, validating, and deployment. You will rally the troops by aligning internal and external stakeholders around key deliverables needed to ensure an on-time Client launch.

You will play a vital role in influencing and creating the infrastructure aimed at scaling and automating the implementation workflow with a client-centric approach. We really love our Clients. If you have a passion for project management, thrive in ambiguous situations, and want to solve extremely complex problems with some of the most low ego, authentic teammates around - this could be the opportunity for you!

What You'll Do

Own the implementation and onboarding of our Clients into the Wheel ecosystem
Create project plans, trackers, and roadmaps giving clear insight into launch schedules and timelines
Lead weekly Client status calls and hold stakeholders accountable for deliverables
Be an internal Client champion and collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders from Operations, Engineering, Product, and Sales in order to triage issues and deliver on Client expectations
Team Player- You love being the coordinator, go between and referee when needed.
Best practices- You are always looking for ways to make things better, faster and more streamlined – both for customers and internally
Work creatively in navigating and overcoming obstacles, partnering with stakeholders and relevant internal team members to reduce barriers to success and mitigate risks
Create executive level status reports calling out blockers and risks, providing strategic solutions to keep Client launches on schedule
Create frameworks to identify and drive technical and process improvement opportunities
Leverage internal data warehouse and visualization tools to identify gaps, track progress and inform data backed project decisions
Become a strong influencer with credibility with peers and stakeholders, capable of building productive, trusting relationships with partners, autonomously
Develop an in-depth understanding of Wheel’s product and services
Manage timeline for implementation to expedite go-live as quickly as possible.

Who You Are

3+ years experience in Project Management, Implementation, or Strategic consulting organization in a fast-paced startup
3+ years experience running cross functional implementations/partnership integrations.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, with sufficient level of technical capability to effectively communicate with engineers, scope technical programs, and identify technical risks
Highly analytical, outstanding data skills, and experienced in using data to tell a story and make a recommendation
Autonomous with demonstrated capability for problem solving, decision making, sound judgment, and assertiveness
Strong communication skills- distill the details
Ability to see a process through a wide-angle holistic lens to understand how the flow of information travels throughout the organization
High EQ and a natural at building and nurturing relationships
Proficiency with Jira, Salesforce, Confluence, Zendesk, Asana and Monday.com a plus
PMP Certification a plus

Wheel is committed to equal employment opportunities for all team members. Every decision we make regarding employment is solely based on merit, competence, and performance. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills.

Research shows that underrepresented groups typically apply only if they meet 100% of the criteria listed. At Wheel, we encourage women, people of color, and LGBTQ+ job seekers to apply for positions even if they don’t check every box for the role.
