Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: TieTalent
Role Name: Project Manager - School ERP Pro
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $53,081 - $75,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: jobs@tylertech.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278089360&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
About

We are looking for an experienced Project Manager to join our team! Tyler Technologies creates some of the world’s most cutting-edge software products to help local governments thrive with a healthy digital infrastructure. We’re rapidly growing, and we want you to join our team!

Work with our integrated district management solutions that help school districts bridge information gaps across all departments. From school ERP to student information and transportation, you can help districts of all sizes achieve more by improving transparency between parents and schools, advancing operations, and enabling data-driven decisions.

Location

Remote | Billings, Montana | Lubbock, Texas | Plano, Texas

Travel

10-25%

Responsibilities

Develop the implementation project plan and officially start projects by conducting kick-off meetings with clients and other staff as needed. Project plans outline the scope, schedule, and budget of the project, as well as each party’s responsibilities and mutual commitment to contribute adequate resources to follow the plan.

Work with the sales team as the contract is signed, becoming familiar with contract requirements, program modifications, and other site-specific background information.

Manage and assume accountability for all aspects of projects related to the delivery of client software and services including:

Acquiring and coordinating necessary resources to meet project needs.

Planning and tracking all project activity.

Guiding the client through release planning in support of the overall project schedule.

Tracking project hours and submitting project progress reports by due dates.

Monitoring and reviewing revenue recognition and bringing concerns to management as needed.

Managing scope, time, and cost to meet client commitments.

Managing communication throughout the team and stakeholders.

Managing the quality of project team deliverables.

Managing the project budget.

Documenting and reporting status and issues.

Identifying, reporting, and managing risks; overcoming project obstacles.

Acting as a client liaison and representative communicating client feedback to appropriate Tyler representatives; acting to resolve outstanding issues on behalf of client in a timely manner.

Conduct planning sessions with the client’s key functional leaders to create a series of documented management plans that specify the project plan and scope.

May be responsible for ensuring assigned clients pay invoices in a timely manner and/or assist Tyler collections in obtaining payment for delinquent/past due accounts.

Ensure that resources are scheduled and monitor progress to ensure compliance with the project plan, immediately notifying affected parties of any schedule changes.

Use departmental sites/calendars/systems to publish a summary of key dates and issues to all Tyler employees involved in the project, such as development, implementation, support, and other project managers.

Obtain regular feedback from clients regarding project status and quality of service and take immediate corrective action as required.

Anticipate, identify, and resolve roadblocks, such as hardware, software, or networking incompatibilities and unresponsive third-party vendors or clients.

Communicate completion of milestones to clients and secure formal acceptance from them.

Upon project completion conduct meetings with clients to ensure a smooth transition of services from implementation to support.

Communicate with the implementation staff and management regularly, ensuring timely delivery of schedules and revenue projections; relaying personnel, client, contract, and departmental issues; seeking assistance as needed with meeting revenue goals; and responding to directives that are issued to meet department goals.

May manage implementation resources to maximize performance and deliver expected revenue goals.

Maintain the project team’s calendar commitments by keeping all project event information current.

May identify add-on sales opportunities and manage contract addendum and purchase orders.

Travel to client site as needed.

Perform other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

Minimum 5 years experience with software implementation project management

Bachelor’s degree, or comparable work experience.

Typically, a minimum of three years of experience as an implementation professional (or equivalent experience). Solid and proven project management experience essential.

Solid management and leadership experience is required including strong abilities in influencing, empowering and mentoring implementation team members.

Solid conflict resolution, negotiation, business, and customer service skills including experience partnering successfully with clients on technical needs and delivering solutions tailored to client needs.

Organizational and time management skills including solid people management and project management experience involving the ability to manage project financials and multiple projects of various size, scope and complexity simultaneously and within budget.

Ability and willingness to work toward obtaining PMP certification and maintain status after certification.

Software life cycle and enterprise software knowledge are required.

Excellent planning, organizational skills and ability to follow through until process are completed.

Exceptional customer service skills.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills to articulate technical and non-technical information to various audiences including management.

Proficiency in using computers and exposure to IT infrastructure components.

Strong decision-making and problem-solving skills.

Strong analytical ability, particularly in a technical environment.

Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Project.

Demonstrated ability to prioritize and complete multiple tasks in a fast-paced, technical environment.

Demonstrated ability to maintain a positive, professional attitude.

Have and maintain a valid driver’s license and auto insurance

Ability to travel 10-25%.

State-Specific Salary Range Disclosure Requirements

Salary will generally fall between $53,081 - $75,000 before adjustment for geographic differences. Recruiter can confirm if position is incentive eligible.

Taking Care of You & Your Family

Your health and well-being are important to us. That’s why we invest in our team members by offering competitive benefits to support their health and financial wellness.

Requisition Number:2025-7281

#INDSS

Tyler Technologies is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, creed, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other status protected under local, state, or federal laws. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, please submit your request by emailing jobs@tylertech.com or by calling 800.646.2633 ext. 791008. Please keep in mind these methods are reserved for individuals who require accommodation due to a disability.

Nice-to-have skills

Enterprise Software
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Project
Microsoft Word
Project Management
United States

Work experience

IT Project Manager
General Project Management

Languages

English
