Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Saltbox Mgmt
Role Name: Salesforce Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4274350361&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Saltbox Mgmt is seeking a motivated Salesforce Project Manager to join our team. Saltbox is a salesforce service integrator focused on helping B2B organizations use salesforce to improve the buying experiences of their customers. Saltbox is a registered partner with Salesforce with expertise in B2B Commerce, Order Management, Experience Cloud, and core CRM applications (Sales and Service cloud).

Position Description: 
The Project Manager plays a critical role in the Saltbox delivery model, working closely with the project team and client stakeholders in the design, implementation and launch of a salesforce application.. Successful individuals will be able to effectively operate in a fast-paced environment, have strong time management, communication and critical thinking skills in combination with a deep salesforce platform expertise to drive the success of their projects from beginning to end.

Role Responsibilities:
Serve as day-to-day client point-of-contact during project engagements, maintain trusted relationships with key client stakeholders, and act as customers’ product owner proxy
Diligently manage engagement scope, schedule, budget and resources to within defined targets in coordination with Saltbox project team
Establish project plans/structures, with input and buy-in from customer stakeholders, that define engagement phases/milestones, activities/tasks, dates/duration, resources, etc. based on Saltbox’s delivery methodology.
Lead and organize the cross-functional teams assigned to your engagements in order to execute engagement work plans and deliver high-quality deliverables
Produce and maintain project management documentation, such as project plans/timelines, project requirements and acceptance criteria (typically in JIRA), meeting materials and presentations, status reports, budget reports, resource utilization reports, and other project documentation
Regularly communicate project status with external and internal stakeholders, including key accomplishments, next steps, issues/risks/items for management attention, and project financials.
Effectively identify and mitigate/manage engagement risks and issues.
Manage resource forecasting, utilization analysis, and expense management and tracking

Required Technical and Professional Expertise:
6+ years of Project Management experience delivering digital solutions on the Salesforce platform using both waterfall and agile methodologies.
Experience coaching and educating project teams to strengthen team members’ capabilities and skill sets
Experience with agile development tools such as JIRA.
Experience with Salesforce Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, CPQ, Experience Cloud, B2B Commerce, or Marketing Cloud.
Proficient in Google G-Suite or Microsoft Office
Strong written, verbal and presentation communication skills.
Certified Salesforce Administrator level, ideally with additional certifications in the following clouds: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Experience Cloud, CPQ, B2B Commerce, and Marketing Cloud.

 What we offer:
Competitive salary, 100% company paid health benefits & 401k
An opportunity to be on the ‘ground floor’ of an emerging salesforce partner
Strong, family-friendly, work culture
The chance to work in a fast-paced environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact

No 3rd party recruiters
Sponsorship not available
