Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Clinical Trial Project Planner-Canada Remote
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283108339&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for ICON Clinical Research. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

As a Clinical Trial Project Planner you will be joining the world’s largest & most comprehensive clinical research organisation, powered by healthcare intelligence.

En tant que Planificateur de projets d’essais cliniques, vous vous joindrez à la plus grande et la plus complète organisation de recherche clinique au monde, propulsée par l’intelligence en santé.

What You Will Be Doing

Identifies and raises schedule conflicts, risks, and resource peaks/troughs appropriately for resolution. 
Directly participates in and contributes to cross-functional and functional teams to discuss, review, and optimize protocol/project/program schedules and study cost estimates. 
Directly participates in and contributes to cross-functional and functional teams to discuss, review, and optimize protocol/project/program schedules and resource management plans. 
Monitors progress of project activities towards next project milestone, anticipates and highlights potential variances, supports line/team in critical path analyses and understanding the impact, and partners with the Asset PM, Clinical Operations, and the project team to identify/recommend solutions to schedule risk. 
Performs scenario planning of project timelines within and across protocols and across therapeutic area/portfolio to enable optimum use of local, global, and outsourced resources to ensure efficient delivery of project milestones. 
Contributes to the validation of resource information at the project level with the project team 

En Quoi Consistera Votre Travail

Identifier et soulever les conflits de calendrier, les risques et les pics/creux de ressources de manière appropriée pour les résoudre; 
Participer et contribuer directement au travail des équipes interfonctionnelles et fonctionnelles afin de discuter, d’examiner et d’optimiser les calendriers des protocoles/projets/programmes et les estimations des coûts des études; 
Participer et contribuer directement au travail des équipes interfonctionnelles et fonctionnelles afin de discuter, d’examiner et d’optimiser les calendriers des protocoles/projets/programmes et les plans de gestion des ressources; 
Suivre l’évolution des activités du projet en vue de la prochaine étape, anticiper et mettre en évidence les écarts potentiels, aider la branche/l’équipe à analyser le chemin critique et à en comprendre l’impact, et collaborer avec le GP des actifs, les opérations cliniques et l’équipe du projet pour identifier/recommander des solutions aux risques liés au calendrier; 
Planifier les échéances des projets à l’intérieur et entre les protocoles ainsi qu’entre les domaines thérapeutiques et le portefeuille pour permettre une utilisation optimale des ressources locales, mondiales et externalisées afin d’assurer une réalisation efficace des étapes du projet; 
Contribuer à la validation des informations sur les ressources au niveau du projet avec l’équipe du projet. 

You Are

Education

Bachelors level degree. 
S. with 5+ years' experience or M.S. with 3+ years' experience. 

Experience

At least 3 years experience in project planning and project management. 
At least 3 years of applicable pharmaceutical industry experience or similar industry experience. 

Beneficial Relevant Capabilities

Project Management Professional (PMP) certification preferred but not required. 
Experienced in end-game/regulatory submission planning and/or product launch planning. 
Experienced with planning and resource forecasting tools (e.g., MS Project, Planisware, OnePager). 

Vous Possédez

Formation :

Diplôme de niveau baccalauréat; 
Maîtrise en sciences avec 5 ans d’expérience ou maîtrise en sciences avec 3 ans d’expérience ou plus. 

Expérience

Au moins 3 ans d’expérience dans la planification et la gestion de projets; 
Au moins 3 ans d’expérience dans l’industrie pharmaceutique ou dans un secteur similaire. 

Compétences Utiles

Certification de professionnel de la gestion de projet (PMP) souhaitée mais non requise; 
Expérience dans la planification des envois finaux/réglementaires et/ou de la planification des lancements de produits; 
Expérience des outi 

What ICON Can Offer You

Our success depends on the quality of our people. That’s why we’ve made it a priority to build a diverse culture that rewards high performance and nurtures talent.

In addition to your competitive salary, ICON offers a range of additional benefits. Our benefits are designed to be competitive within each country and are focused on well-being and work life balance opportunities for you and your family.

Our Benefits Examples Include

Various annual leave entitlements 
A range of health insurance offerings to suit you and your family’s needs 
Competitive retirement planning offerings to maximise savings and plan with confidence for the years ahead 
Global Employee Assistance Programme, TELUS Health, offering 24-hour access to a global network of over 80,000 independent specialised professionals who are there to support you and your family’s well-being 
Life assurance 
Flexible country-specific optional benefits, including childcare vouchers, bike purchase schemes, discounted gym memberships, subsidised travel passes, health assessments, among others 

Visit our careers website to read more about the benefits of working at ICON: https://careers.iconplc.com/benefits

At ICON, inclusion & belonging are fundamental to our culture and values. We’re dedicated to providing an inclusive and accessible environment for all candidates. ICON is committed to providing a workplace free of discrimination and harassment. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, or in order to perform the essential functions of a position, please let us know through the form below.

https://careers.iconplc.com/reasonable-accommodations

Interested in the role, but unsure if you meet all of the requirements? We would encourage you to apply regardless – there’s every chance you’re exactly what we’re looking for here at ICON whether it is for this or other roles.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
