Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: LJA
Role Name: Sr. Project Manager - Transportation (Roadway)
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Courtney Featherston
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4238031365&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
WHY EXPAND YOUR CAREER HERE?

LJA is offering an enticing opportunity for a Senior Project Management role, that will allow you to reach your full career potential. The structure of our organization is designed to amplify your capabilities, facilitating seamless pathways to project success. The key element is the diverse, effective, and dedicated personnel that you will work with daily. The entire LJA team takes ownership of our projects through the original concept to the final ribbon cutting. You’ll have every desired discipline in-house, the ability to talk daily with subject matter experts, 3D modelers, a passionate proven sales team, as well as project managers that are at the top of their field.

What Lja Offers That Is Different From The Rest

At LJA, you’ll experience a culture of camaraderie, teamwork, and inclusivity, where you'll be part of something bigger. The culture is sustained by a team that promotes mutual support and encouragement. Your greatest asset, outside of your own personal skills, and that of your teams, will be the support system you have with the leadership throughout the organization. Our employee-owners love where they work, and we’re looking for leaders that get the most of their team, and do so through mutual respect and celebrating success with them.

OPPORTUNITY ABOUNDS!

Our extensive client base provides a wide spectrum of projects, each offering a unique set of challenges and opportunities. You’ll have a network of leadership to assist in your pursuit of work:

A full marketing department with talent specific to transportation
In-house training team with eclectic classes available to any employee-owner
Access to LJA’s relationships to secure new opportunities
A peer group that believes in having fun, making money, making a difference.

Imagine starting each day with a genuine eagerness to collaborate and contribute within a stimulating professional environment!

A TYPICAL DAY MIGHT INCLUDE

Our exciting and entrepreneurial culture will require you to think creatively, solve problems and meet the needs of our clients daily. A typical day might include the following:

Oversight of a Project Management Team.
Managing projects of appropriate size
Managing schedules and financials.
Pre-selling a future project
Managing/mentoring direct reports
Balancing resources with Operations Manager or Engineering Director
Rewarding your team

“must Have” Qualifications

Bachelor of Science Degree, Civil Engineering
Licensed as a Professional Engineer
Proven project management experience and handling multiple deadlines and budgets
Effective communication skills to engage with clients, agencies, stakeholders, and employees fostering strong relationships

“BONUS IF YOU HAVE”

Track record of winning FDOT work
Track record of County and Municipal wins
Previous work experience in an AEC related firm

OWN YOUR FUTURE AT LJA 

As a 100% employee-owned company, LJA Engineering, Inc. promotes an entrepreneurial spirit that helps drive the bottom line and the long-term professional and financial success of our employees. With more than 55 office locations, and nearly 2,000 employee-owners, LJA is growing and looking for talented people to join our team and grow their futures with us.

LJA is consistently ranked as a #1 Top Workplace and recognized as one of the

Top Firms in the industry. We offer exceptional benefits that promote the health and financial security of our employee-owners and their families. A few of our benefits include:

Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
Optional Flexible Work Schedule
Paid time off and holidays (including an office closure between Christmas and New Year’s Day)
Health, dental and vision plans with options
Paid maternity and parental leave
Education and tuition reimbursement programs
Referral bonus program
Company sponsored volunteer and philanthropy opportunities
Memberships to professional organizations
Career path discussions with your manager and/or group leadership

Learn more at www.lja.com
