Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Gridworks
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4261090173&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Description
Position: Project Manager (Remote)
Supervisor: Senior Project Manager/Project Director

Project Manager for Utility-Scale Renewable Energy Projects
Are you an experienced professional motivated by the positive impact of renewable energy on our economy and environment? Do you thrive in a work environment that rewards insight, expertise, and growth? Are you a natural coordinator with the ability to lead a diverse team and inspire collaboration among various stakeholders?

We seek an outstanding Project Manager to work on multiple Solar PV and BESS projects who will assist project teams during planning, estimating, design, construction, start-up, commissioning, turnover, and warranty of assigned projects.

About The Company
Established in 2014, Gridworks is a leading EPC contractor for utility-scale solar and battery storage projects. Primarily operating across the southwest, we are expanding into other regions. With 2 GW of solar and battery energy storage projects we are well positioned for continued success in the rapidly growing clean energy sector.

Job Responsibilities
Lead Project team in planning and construction of utility-scale Solar PV and BESS projects
Supervise construction through completion ensuring projects meet time and budget constraints; Assist in the development of and manage work instructions for construction
Lead weekly project management meetings to effectively communicate project progress and expectations to all stakeholders in a clear and concise manner
Prepare project schedules and confer with all field personnel to monitor progress, productivity, and compliance; Communicate best practices to construction superintendents and field personnel
Monitor & maintain project construction schedules and contracts; Review and approve subcontract pricing and SOU
Review and approve material invoices, rental agreements, and subcontract payments
Control & monitor labor, material, and equipment costs with Construction Managers
Ensure proper execution of field inspections at projects under construction and audit quality documentation and design specifications compliance
Ensure compliance with OSHA regulations and client safety practices
Collaborate with all internal teams as necessary to ensure project process flow
Recognize risks that would impact the project success through its lifecycle and work with management team to improve processes
This position will have supervisory responsibilities as assigned and subject to changes as the business needs change. 

Work Environment
Able to work and maneuver in a construction environment.
Willing and able to travel to jobsites.
Working conditions: construction jobsites, noisy conditions, extreme temperature conditions.
 Positions Type & Expected Hours Of Work
This is a full-time position. Hours often follow typical those of a typical construction work week. However, you may be required to work weekends or after normal business hours. 

Travel
Ability and willingness to travel to various locations as required. 

Other Duties
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
Highly proficient in technical aspects of utility Solar PV and BESS construction
5+ years of construction project management experience required
Strong working knowledge of complex electrical systems and components
Strong verbal and written communication and presentation skills
Self-starter with strong organizational skills, extreme attention to detail, and commitment to producing high quality work product, and ability to multi-task under tight time pressures
Must have valid driver’s license & clean driving record
