Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Customer Support Delivery Manager - DMS
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283105647&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for GE Vernova. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Job Description Summary

The AC (ADMS) Support Delivery Manager leads vendor support operations for GEV, ensuring high-quality service delivery, issue resolution, and customer satisfaction for mission-critical distribution systems. Acting as the key liaison between GEV and its vendors, the role focuses on performance management, cross-functional collaboration, and continuous process improvement to meet contractual and customer expectations.

Job Description

The AC (ADMS) Support Delivery Manager is a senior leader with specific deep expertise in customer relations, domain knowledge (Distribution), support process and technical software. This role is responsible for providing critical business operational leadership for strategic regional Vendor support delivery and performance. The manager works cross functionally at GEV to ensure delivery of high-quality support and long-term customer success. The primary responsibilities include developing and driving action plans to accelerate Vendor issue resolution, maintaining vendor-to-customer communications, and advocating for the customer to ensure the successful operation of GEV support with Vendor(s).

The AC (ADMS) Support Delivery Manager shall ensure that the Vendor is delivering the best possible support services, coordinating with the regional support leadership, TAMs, and cross functional stakeholders in commercial, sales and service delivery functions, including partner and vendor community, during the operation life of the GEV deployed solutions.

Serving as a primary point of contact between GEV Support and the Vendor, managing performance and support delivery to enable and facilitate collaborative engagement aligned with customer and GEV Vendor SLA and SLOs. The successful candidate will be expected to engage directly in strategic Vendor reviews, oversee operational Vendor performance delivery, drive and own process improvement initiatives, and work with the wider team to identify solutions that meet critical contractual SLAs.

Essential Responsibilities:

GEV, Vendor/Partner Performance & Customer Strategy both within and extending beyond Support: 
Primary point of contact for GEV - Vendor support delivery across the region, enabling escalation and wider cross functional engagement, full lifecycle into and out of Vendor to GEV teams 
Supporting the Vendor in managing daily priorities and providing leadership across product, services and support functions to ensure customer success with OneGEV. Focused on delivering exceptional customer success in collaboration with identified Vendor. 
Vendor reviews to ensure consistency of service delivery, performance, quality commitment and critical acceptance criteria is met 
Contribution to M&S proposals, especially concerning the analysis of customer requirements with the Vendor and the validation of quotations from the Vendor 
Operational Expertise, Quality Delivery & Process Improvement, including: 
Vendor delivery metrics: On time delivery, Backlog and span for support issues 
Manage complex technical analysis, leading RCA across Vendor and cross functional teams, involvement in customer relations for matters related to the Vendor capabilities and performance 
Proactively identifying & delivering Vendor/GEV process improvements, managing Vendor requests & questions linked to GEV processes & tools 
Leadership and collaboration with technical expertise within Vendor community, Services & Engineering to ensure M&S commitments are met, assessing resources & skills needs and driving demand planning with the Vendor 
Ensure consistent application of M&S process, collaborating within region to drive consistent repeatable best practice and where possible, to influence global alignment 
Partner with product and engineering segment leads to align support policies with Product Lifecycle Policies 
Commercial Support 
Bid (ITO) into Software Support Interface: contributing to complex proposals 
Enforcement of ITO_OTR handoff points 

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum of 10 years working with Distribution utility customers support mission critical systems 
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university or college; preferred Computer Science or in “STEM” Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math), Master’s Degree preferred 
Demonstrated record of delivering support, services or managing vendor in Smallworld/GIS/telco/utility domain, with at least 8 years’ experience in related Job Family or Function 

Additional Qualifications

Strong background in Support Service delivery with emphasis on vendor management and/or customer facing strategic leadership 
Customer orientated delivery leader with a sense of urgency delivering service, excellent vendor management skills, managing interactions to establish credibility and trust at senior level 
Strong and proven experience of working in a matrix organization 
Excellent oral and written communication skills and mastery of PPT, Excel, word 
Ability to simplify complex issues, drive for creative and effective solutions 
Good management skills and proven team leadership ability 

Desired Characteristics:

Demonstrate strategic level skills in collaborating with different stakeholders, influencing decisions and an ability to take strategic view 
Identify and address inefficient processes 
Appraise and articulate the value of what is most important to the customer and how GEV products and/or services can meet those needs as part of Vendor strategy 
Addresses all customer concerns/issues in a timely and satisfactory fashion 
External customer focus understanding business processes within Vendor framework 

Additional Information

The base pay range for this position is 129,600.00 - 162,000.00 The specific pay offered may be influenced by a variety of factors, including the candidate’s experience, education, and skill set. This position is also eligible for a 20% Variable Incentive Bonus. This posting is expected to close on August 1, 2025.

The Company pays a geographic differential of 110%, 120% or 130% of salary in certain areas. 

Healthcare benefits include medical, dental, vision, and prescription drug coverage; access to a Health Coach, a 24/7 nurse-based resource; and access to the Employee Assistance Program, providing 24/7 confidential assessment, counseling and referral services. Retirement benefits include the GE Retirement Savings Plan, a tax-advantaged 401(k) savings opportunity with company matching contributions and company retirement contributions, as well as access to Fidelity resources and planning consultants. Other benefits include tuition assistance, adoption assistance, paid parental leave, disability insurance, life insurance, and paid time-off for vacation or illness. 

General Electric Company, Ropcor, Inc., their successors, and in some cases their affiliates, each sponsor certain employee benefit plans or programs (i.e., is a “Sponsor”). Each Sponsor reserves the right to terminate, amend, suspend, replace, or modify its benefit plans and programs at any time and for any reason, in its sole discretion. No individual has a vested right to any benefit under a Sponsor’s welfare benefit plan or program. This document does not create a contract of employment with any individual.

Additional Information

GE Vernova offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer (https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights_10_20.pdf) . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE Vernova will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

Relocation Assistance Provided: No

 This is a remote position

Application Deadline: August 31, 2025

GE Vernova is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
