Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: ICU Medical
Role Name: Project Manager - Professional Services
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: humanresources@icumed.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278614630&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Description

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

 Provide project leadership, organize and lead multi- disciplinary project team through associated project activities. 
 Manage Service Delivery including Scope, Resources, Timelines and the Change Order Process. 
 Set customer expectations in accordance with agreed upon terms and conditions. 
 Proactively Identify, Communicate and Manage Engagement Risks 
 Manage all engagements within predefined performance targets including customer satisfaction and profitability. 
 Analyze project forecasts, timelines, budgets, reports, and metrics to ensure project deliverables arrive on time and on budget. 
 Facilitate contingency planning, project risk assessment, and other decision-making activities on an as needed basis. 
 Manages other Device Service projects, including but not limited to, field correction projects that are the on-market service component of Market Actions (Field Actions). 
 Presenting to a variety of audiences in a variety of settings 
 Support select Sales Activities and Presentations as the Subject Matter Expert 

Knowledge Skills And Qualifications

 Self-motivated and skilled at working independently 
 Project Management experience required, including cross functional collaboration, budget management, project scheduling/timeline management, and resources planning 
 Strong comprehension and communication skills (verbal and written) 
 Advanced computer skills required: MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project and SQL/Database management tools 
 Excellent Presentation Skills, ability to make effective presentations to all levels of management 
 Experience of planning and managing multiple projects simultaneously, identifying interdependencies among various projects within the program, integration project plans,etc 
 PMP certification a plus 

Education And Experience

 Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university or a High School diploma and equivalent combination of college education and experience 
 3+ years of Project Management experience 
 Project Management experience in the Healthcare Industry preferred 

Minimum Qualifications

 Must be at least 18 years of age 
 Must meet credentialing requirements for access to client facilities (i.e. Sexual Offender Registry Check, etc) 

Travel Requirements

 Typically requires travel up to 25% of the time 

Physical Requirements And Work Environment

 This is largely a sedentary role 
 This job operates in a professional office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment 

About Us

ICU Medical has consistently provided you with clinical innovations that help solve real-world challenges.

With the acquisition of Hospira Infusion Systems in 2017 and Smiths Medical in 2022, we are now a global market leader with a complete line of clinically-essential IV therapy and high-value critical care products for hospital, alternate site, and home care settings.

We're Ready To Bring You Consistent Quality, Innovation, And Value In More Areas Than Ever. Our Focus Allows Us To Bring You

Dedicated and non-dedicated IV sets and needlefree connectors clinically proven to provide an effective barrier against bacterial transfer and colonization.
The industry’s broadest IV smart pump offering covering large volume, pain management, and ambulatory needs.
IV medication safety software providing full IV-EHR interoperability with the highest customer satisfaction and compatibility with more EHR systems than any other company.
Significant US IV solutions manufacturing and supply capabilities.

This role is based remotely; the incumbent may be remote in any state other than Colorado; California; Connecticut; Montana, Maine or New York.

ICU Medical EEO Statement

ICU Medical is committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer. We ensure that all qualified applicants receive fair consideration for employment regardless of race, color, nationality or national origin, ethnicity, sex, gender, religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, age, disability, or protected veteran status.

If you are an individual with a disability and need reasonable accommodation to participate in the employment selection process, please contact us at humanresources@icumed.com. We are committed to providing equal access and opportunities for all candidates.

ICU Medical EEO Policy Statement

Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal Poster

ICU Medical CCPA Notice to Job Applicants
