Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA)
Role Name: Marketing Project Manager
Location: Daytona Beach, FL
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4270124730&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
The Marketing Project Manager will play a crucial role in optimizing efficiency, streamlining processes, and ensuring effective day-to-day marketing operations of the LPGA. This role requires organizational, communication, and leadership skills and an ability to develop innovative solutions that drive greater efficiency and effectiveness. You will orchestrate the people and pieces to produce successful brand output, while ensuring projects are tracked and completed on-time and on-budget. You will be expected to understand each project’s key elements, goals, and drivers of success.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities

 Understand planned marketing initiatives and work with those responsible to understand all the elements of each campaign and establish KPIs for the campaign with VP and Director of Marketing.
 Define required tasks, establish timeline, and assign tasks to the appropriate team members for executing and completing projects on time.
 Input and manage all tasks into project management system and monitor progress.
 Work collaboratively with the entire Marketing team to understand all the elements required of each campaign or initiative. These include Directors of, Marketing, Social, Content, and Communications, designers, and videographers.
 Campaigns and deliverables will include social media, digital marketing, out-of-home, email and SMS marketing, signage, and merchandising.
 Manage vendor relationships specific to project deliverables.
 Internal communications - provide weekly status updates in Marketing team meetings.
 Identify and recommend opportunities for process improvement that will create more efficiencies and streamline our operations.
 Foster a positive and collaborative working environment to drive project success.
 Keep all relevant parties informed of campaign progress & status. Identify possible challenges and guide projects toward solutions.
 Act as a resource for all involved parties across pre-planning, planning, execution, and post analysis.

Qualifications

 B.A. Degree in marketing or related field.
 5+ years of full-time work experience in Project or Campaign Management.
 Understands the bigger picture while also able to put those details into achievable, actionable goals.
 Skilled with project management software and project management methodologies.
 Skilled at building automations with Asana, Slack, Microsoft Teams, etc.
 Ability to build positive, productive cross-functional relationships.
 Successful in fast-paced, dynamically changing, and ambiguous situations.
 Strong project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
 Proactive planner with a sense of urgency, creativity, style, and attention to detail.
 Perform under tight deadlines thinking clearly under pressure.
 Must be detail-oriented and organized.
 Agency, team, or entertainment advertising/promotions background highly preferred.

The LPGA offers a hybrid schedule with 2-3 days in office each week, competitive salary and benefits package that includes, medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance, paid time off, 401(k) with employer match, golf and fitness center privileges, access to all of our events, and many other great benefits to all full-time employees.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital or veteran status, or any other protected class.

“Please note: At this time, we are not hiring remote employees who reside in California, Colorado, New York, or New Jersey.”
