Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: OpenLoop
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Sean O'Hara
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4250743137&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
About the Role

OpenLoop is looking for a Project Manager to join our team remotely or at HQ in Des Moines, IA. In this role, you will be responsible for driving internal alignment and cross-functional collaboration to ensure a seamless journey for our clients from contract signature to go-live. You'll partner closely with a Technical Program Manager (TPM) and our Launch Control team to ensure all technical components are validated and ready for launch. The ideal candidate is a proactive problem solver with exceptional follow-up and accountability skills. You thrive in fast-paced environments, can translate technical details into actionable plans, and are motivated by delivering excellence for clients.

What You'll Do


Lead and manage a portfolio of projects, including complex enterprise-wide initiatives and individual client launch efforts.

Drive and manage project timelines, milestones, and deliverables to ensure successful and timely execution across both internal initiatives and external client-facing work.

Coordinate cross-functionally with Sales, Product, Clinical, Engineering, Compliance, Patient Support and Customer Success teams to ensure full all relevant stakeholders are engaged throughout the project lifecycle

Perform light technical configuration and system setup as needed to support project requirements and ensure readiness for launch.

Other duties as assigned


Who You Are


Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience required; experience in healthcare, health tech, or SaaS preferred

3+ years of project management experience in a digital health, healthcare technology, or SaaS environment.

Strong understanding of technical implementations and ability to communicate effectively with engineering and product teams.

Proven ability to manage complex, multi-team projects with tight deadlines.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills; adept at synthesizing information for both technical and non-technical audiences.

Highly organized with exceptional follow-up, attention to detail, and a strong sense of accountability.

Tenacious problem-solver who thrives in ambiguity and remains calm under pressure.

Experience using project management tools such as Jira, Asana, or Monday.com.

PMP or equivalent certification a plus.

 Remote Salary Range: $85,000 USD - $100,000 USD
  

About OpenLoop
OpenLoop was co-founded by CEO, Dr. Jon Lensing, and COO, Christian Williams, with the vision to bring healing anywhere. Our tele-health support solutions are thoughtfully designed to streamline and simplify go-to-market care delivery for companies offering meaningful virtual support to patients across an expansive array of specialties, in all 50 states.

Our Company Culture
We have a relatively flat organizational structure here at OpenLoop. Everyone is encouraged to bring ideas to the table and make things happen. This fits in well with our core values of Autonomy, Competence and Belonging, as we want everyone to feel empowered and supported to do their best work.

Our Benefits
In addition, for salaried positions you would also be eligible for:


Medical, Dental, and Vision plans

Flexible Spending/Health Savings Accounts

Flexible PTO

401(k) + Company Match

Life Insurance, Pet insurance, and more


 
Sound like a good fit? We’d love to meet you.
