Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Hagerty Consulting
Role Name: Comprehensive Disaster Recovery Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $115,000 - $150,000.
Hiring Team: Aly Delaney
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4224579442&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Hagerty Consulting, Inc. (Hagerty) is the nation's leading emergency management and homeland security consulting firm. Known for its public spirit, innovative thinking, problem-solving, and exceptional people, Hagerty is sought after to work on some of the largest and most complex crisis and emergency management issues. We serve our clients across the nation to enhance their preparedness programs; create more resilient and sustainable communities; provide innovative solutions to enhance their response; and obtain and manage grants and loans to support their recovery.

This is not for immediate hire. Candidates for the Comprehensive Disaster Recovery Project Manager position will be considered for our internal Recovery Cadre pipeline. Individuals we have added to this internal Recovery Cadre pipeline will receive first consideration for future openings that align with their skillset and interests. If you are interested in active open positions where we would be looking at immediate hire, please review the other openings on our website.

The Comprehensive Disaster Recovery Project Manager will provide critical advisory and strategic planning services to our recovery clients and lead a large team. This position may be remotely based and include client travel as needed.

Responsibilities for the Comprehensive Disaster Recovery Project Manager Include:
Serve as a strong disaster recovery expert, with demonstrated experience supporting local governments through long-term recoveries from natural disasters, with the ability to also act as a hands-on project manager overseeing a dynamic and complex disaster recovery.
Candidates will be expected to leverage their understanding of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Public Assistance (PA) Program - Permanent Work (Categories C-G), and how they can be strategically pursued and layered to address complex issues and needs in a post-catastrophic disaster environment.
Serve as a FEMA PA Program subject matter expert and be able to answer policy related questions within a reasonable, but necessary timeframe.
Oversee a multi-disciplinary team supporting all aspects of a recovery (e.g., cost recovery, infrastructure redevelopment, economic development, housing, social services, etc.), delegating tasks, assessing staffing needs and developing methodologies to meet unmet needs and maximize funding.
Maintain strong project management best practices, ensuring the client has visibility on all efforts; deliverables are of the utmost quality; and upholding Hagerty’s core values of integrity, innovation, teamwork, and excellence within all efforts.

Qualifications for the Comprehensive Disaster Recovery Project Manager Include:
Prior support for local governments impacted by natural disasters through multiple federal disaster grant programs from the early onset of a disaster through grant obligation and closeout.
A minimum of four years (4) of experience in the FEMA PA Program, including, Permanent Work (Categories C-G).
Demonstrated experience managing complex and dynamic projects.
High competency in written communication, including the ability to create nuanced/policy complex recommendation documents.
Strong verbal communication skills, including the ability to present verbally to high level stakeholders.
Previous experience managing workload for large multi-disciplinary teams with varying levels of experience (i.e., junior level associates through senior subject matter experts).
Strong proficiency with MS Office products, databases, and other software / technology platforms.
A bachelor's degree.

Compensation for Comprehensive Disaster Recovery Project Manager Includes:
Salary range of $115,000 - $150,000. Compensation decisions depend on a wide range of factors, including but not limited to skills, experience and training, licensure and certifications, internal equity, location, travel requirements, and other business and organizational needs.
Comprehensive benefits program, including health/dental/vision insurance, 401(k) retirement plan, flexible spending accounts (FSA) for health and transit/parking, short- and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, paid time off, holidays, sick leave, and more.

Hagerty Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We welcome applications from a wide range of candidates, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity/national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, religion, age, disability, marital status, military status, genetic information, or any other status, characteristic or condition protected by local, state, or federal law. We promote equal opportunity in all our employment decisions, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, compensation, training, promotion, upgrading, demotion, downgrading, transfer, lay-off and termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment.
