Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Pace
Role Name: Senior Project Manager II / Account Manager – Onsite Hybrid | Celebration, FL
Location: Celebration, FL
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278098415&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER II / ACCOUNT MANAGER
 POSITION SUMMARY:
The primary role of the Senior Project Manager II is to clearly define and manage project scope while delivering quality assets in a fast-paced environment. This position requires regular client contact through calls, presentations and onsite meetings (periodic travel required), along with exceptional internal collaboration across the agency service delivery team. The Senior Project Manager II is the main liaison between the client and the creatives, strategists, performance media teams, developers, and other internal teams. Impeccable communication and organizational abilities are a prerequisite for consideration. Projects will cover a wide range of topics, including creating brand content, social assets, websites, microsites, custom emails, marketing campaigns, mobile / web / tablet apps and tools, social media content, and videos.
We are currently focusing our recruiting in the following area.
Celebration, FL - This position will begin as remote but will transition to hybrid in January - onsite up to 4 days a week
 WHAT WE OFFER:
The salary for this position will range from $63,000 - 85,000 depending on experience, education, geographical location, and other factors.
At Pace, salary equity and transparency is extremely important to us. That’s why we make our best offer upfront&mdash;no negotiations, no hidden numbers. We want every candidate to be evaluated fairly, without advantages based on negotiation skills. Our goal is to ensure that all team members are compensated equitably for the work they do.
A full suite of benefits is available following one full month of employment including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) with profit sharing, and other ancillary benefits. We even have a Life Balanced Account where you can get reimbursed for things like groceries or a haircut (yes, really!)
PTO: Vacation, Recharge, Safe & Sick Time, Flexible Holidays + 10 standard paid holidays and a paid Day of Service
Free financial wellness and planning and a robust EAP
Additional fun perks like free tickets to the NC Zoo, Greensboro Grasshoppers games, SWARM games, food trucks, and more!
Check out full details on our benefits at our website: https://www.paceco.com/culture/benefits/
 ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 
Partner with client to align on project needs, dependencies, and scopes of work.
Establish clear objectives and day-to-day priorities.
Learn fully the client’s business goals and objectives, competitive landscape, target audience and internal dynamics.
Review client briefs for quality and accuracy, ensuring they meet stated client needs and objectives, advocating for excellence in results.
Work with Internal teams to source necessary resources, create estimates, track status and milestones, and deliver burn reports and presentations.
Collaborate with creative, strategy, developer, analytics and performance media teams on deliverables and timelines.
Ensure project deliverables are on schedule for completion on or before deadlines, communicating any scope-creep to client.
Communicate, Interpret and help prioritize client feedback to Internal teams to ensure rapid turnaround and execution on campaign elements.
Interact with other project managers on best practices and project management tool efficiencies.
Partner with finance team for project plan entries and budget estimates.
Review and approve submitted time entries on a weekly basis for prompt closure of prior weeks’ worked hours.
Proper assignment of tasks within project management tool, Workfront.
Set deadlines, assign responsibilities, monitor progress, and periodically summarize and communicate project status for client and upper management.
Monitor budgets and help to develop a strategy to stay on budget, providing reporting to client on a regular cadence.
Works with head of Project Management team to follow existing processes and suggest improvements
 JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
 Education: 
Bachelor's Degree in Project Management, Marketing, Communications or related field 
PMP or SCRUM Master certification
 Experience: 
7+ years of experience in digital project management In a marketing environment
Experience with Workfront for Project Management
 Skills:
Experience working on teams using Agile or SCRUM methodologies.
Proven track record of maintaining extremely high client satisfaction while working across creative, technical and project management teams.
Flexibility and the willingness to adapt to meet the needs of the team.
Works well In a cross-matrix environment
Someone who is comfortable in a fast-paced and ever-evolving environment.
A life learner who is constantly working to improve their professional knowledge.
An entrepreneur, always looking to improve processes.
Ability to work independently on multiple projects and identify potential project risks via collaboration with internal creative stakeholders, including escalating where appropriate
Ability to lead and direct the work of team members
Effective at handling multiple projects and tasks simultaneously and efficiently; superior multi-tasking skills
Proficient knowledge In financial management and accounting needs and managing budgets
Excellent writing, grammar, proofing, communication, presentation, and follow-up skills
Exceptional organization and resource planning skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to travel as needed.
Proficiency in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Familiarity in at least one Project Management suite
Familiarity with bug tracking tools like JIRA
Familiarity with at least one CMS (Content Mgmt System) such as WordPress, Expression Engine, Alfresco, etc.
 ABOUT PACE
Pace is a leading integrated marketing agency & digital storytelling powerhouse. We specialize in brand storytelling and deliver results by continually creating better customer and employee experiences for our clients. We connect the dots across an integrated marketing ecosystem using our six key service areas: strategy, creative, media, social, technology, and analytics.
We Create With Heart. We believe everyone is part of creating something wonderful every day. We lead with purpose and empathy. We cultivate a sense of belonging and celebrate diversity in both mind and experience. And we succeed through collaboration. At Pace, everyone has a seat at the table, and unique perspectives are welcomed. Everyone’s voice carries the same tenor, and inclusivity is in our DNA.
 Don’t meet every single requirement? At Pace we are committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and genuine workplace, so if you’re enthusiastic about this role but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we urge you to apply regardless. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles we have available.
Pace is an equal employment opportunity employer is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants. Pace does not discriminate against employees or job applicants based on age, ancestry, color, religious creed, race, sex, genetics, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, national origin, marital status, disability status, military or veteran status or any other status or condition protected by applicable federal or state statutes.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
 
This employer is required to notify all applicants of their rights pursuant to federal employment laws. 
For further information, please review the Know Your Rights notice from the Department of Labor.
