Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Aversan Inc.
Role Name: Embedded Software Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Muhammad Sid.
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276840043&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Aversan Inc. (www.aversan.com) is a trusted multi-service engineering and electronics manufacturing company. Aversan delivers leading-edge and reliable safety-critical electronics and software systems to the aerospace, defence, and space industries.
  We are currently seeking a qualified Software Project Manager to join our team. 
  Location: USA
 Work Arrangement: Fully Remote

We are seeking a Senior level Project Manager with solid embedded software technical skills. Your contributions in the role play a critical part in the success of our North America Professional Services team, having project ownership with a wide range of responsibilities which lead to ultimately delivering on all customer commitments.

The focus of this role has two main areas:
Proposal Development, Estimation and Pre-sales support work with the sales staff, business directors, technical leads, and other project managers to qualify pre-sales opportunities, perform architecture trade-off analysis and project feasibility, document proposed product solutions, estimate costs, and schedules, prepare written proposals, and present proposals to customers on larger or technically challenging projects or multiple related projects. 

Project Execution from start to finish. Set-up project development teams and manage the teams to complete small to large projects in technically challenging areas. You will work directly with our customers on these projects and you, and your team will be responsible for delivering these design projects on time and within budget while meeting quality and contract requirements and ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction. 

Responsibilities
Primary customer interface and responsible for maintaining customer focus and managing the customer interaction during discovery and evaluation of requirements
Manages execution on the opportunity and maintains inter-group relationships throughout pre-sales life cycle
Responsible for delivery of proposal packages including Statements of Work (SOW), project plan, detailed schedule, resources planning, risk assessment and management, cost and profit analysis
Conducts technical and business presentations to customers, using your strong written and verbal communication skills
Ensuring deliverables are world-class standard
Projects high levels of confidence and strong technical ability to our customers and has a track record of successful closure on opportunities
Embedding a culture of continuously improving & optimizing processes
Measuring, analyzing & taking action to continuously improve customer satisfaction including effective escalation management
In due course, responsible for the management of Software Engineers and other Project Managers
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent
Strong engineering experience or management expertise with embedded systems 
Experience in Project Management with one or more software safety certification standards such as DO-178C, FACE, IEC61508, IEC62504, ISO26262, etc.
