Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lumen Technologies
Role Name: SR LEAD PROJECT MANAGER - PUB SEC
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $103,711 - $138,281
Hiring Team: Fanchon Page,MBA-HRM
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276861080&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
About Lumen

Lumen connects the world. We are igniting business growth by connecting people, data and applications – quickly, securely, and effortlessly. Together, we are building a culture and company from the people up – committed to teamwork, trust and transparency. People power progress.

We’re looking for top-tier talent and offer the flexibility you need to thrive and deliver lasting impact. Join us as we digitally connect the world and shape the future.

The Role

The Sr Lead Project Manager will develop, plan and manage the full lifecycle of activities for extremely highly complex programs and projects for external and internal customers. Working closely with various functional teams, ensuring program and project status is tracked, monitored, and reported in accordance with the program plan and best practices. The Sr Lead Project Manager will create and improve processes and procedures to enhance proposals and customer engagements for a consistently outstanding customer experience..

The Main Responsibilities

Responsible for full lifecycle support (proposal, award, implementation, operations, CCB) of a customer engagement
Responsible for budget and expense control for the project and strategic alignment of a project to corporate objectives.
Accountable for timely project completion and delivery.
Analyzes work plans and schedules.
Responsible for resource requirements/allocation.
Develops methodologies, procedures, and systems to produce financial reporting.
Acts as project/program team leader.
Develops project progress and status reports

Preferred Qualifications

What We Look For in a Candidate

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent education and related experience
8+ years related experience in project management
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification desired
Experience/familiarity with small and large telecommunications (data and voice) transitions
Comfortable working with various internal teams (Capture, Proposals, Legal, Contracts, Procurement)
Knowledge of GSA contracts (including WITS, Networx)

Compensation

This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Individual pay is based on skills, experience and other relevant factors.

Location Based Pay Ranges:

$103,711 - $138,281 in these states: AL, AR, AZ, FL, GA, IA, ID, IN, KS, KY, LA, ME, MO, MS, MT, ND, NE, NM, OH, OK, PA, SC, SD, TN, UT, VT, WI, WV, and WY.

$108,896 - $145,195 in these states: CO, HI, MI, MN, NC, NH, NV, OR, and RI.

$114,082 - $152,109 in these states: AK, CA, CT, DC, DE, IL, MA, MD, NJ, NY, TX, VA, and WA.

Lumen offers a comprehensive package featuring a broad range of Health, Life, Voluntary Lifestyle benefits and other perks that enhance your physical, mental, emotional and financial wellbeing. We're able to answer any additional questions you may have about our bonus structure (short-term incentives, long-term incentives and/or sales compensation) as you move through the selection process.

Learn More About Lumen's

Benefits
Bonus Structure

What To Expect Next

Requisition #: 339246

Background Screening

If you are selected for a position, there will be a background screen, which may include checks for criminal records and/or motor vehicle reports and/or drug screening, depending on the position requirements. For more information on these checks, please refer to the Post Offer section of our FAQ page. Job-related concerns identified during the background screening may disqualify you from the new position or your current role. Background results will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Equal Employment Opportunities

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The job responsibilities described above indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not intended to include a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities for this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on evolving business needs and conditions.

In any materials you submit, you may redact or remove age-identifying information such as age, date of birth, or dates of school attendance or graduation. You will not be penalized for redacting or removing this information.

Please be advised that Lumen does not require any form of payment from job applicants during the recruitment process. All legitimate job openings will be posted on our official website or communicated through official company email addresses. If you encounter any job offers that request payment in exchange for employment at Lumen, they are not for employment with us, but may relate to another company with a similar name.

Application Deadline

08/05/2025
