Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Apex Companies
Role Name: Senior Project Manager, Water
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278920602&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Are you highly motivated, hard-working, and seeking to join a growth-focused consulting & engineering firm? Are you looking for a company that will invest in your development and grow your professional skills? If so, consider a career with Apex!

Powered by record sales, extraordinary client retention, strategic acquisitions, and an entrepreneurial spirit, Apex Companies is one of the fastest growing engineering and environmental consulting firms in the US. We were recently recognized by the Zweig Group as one of the fastest growing firms in the AEC industry. We take pride in providing our clients with exceptional service and have earned numerous awards for project excellence. We continue to grow, and we want you to grow with us.

We are seeking a Senior Project Manager, Water for our Drinking Water Division.

This is a remote position and can be located anywhere within the United States.

Primary Responsibilities Include

Supervise and direct individuals or teams of technical staff or Project Managers on multiple complex projects and/or less complex projects.
Consistently demonstrate leadership skills in project execution, client interactions, and business development.
Lead construction administration tasks, including:
Construction progress meetings
Submittal reviews
Preparation of meeting agendas and minutes
Review of daily and weekly construction reports
Preparation of payment applications, RFIs, and change orders
Coordination with field staff and designers
Project closeout and tracking construction schedules
Assist in training, mentorship, and technical development of Project Managers and staff through:
Holding training seminars
Providing technical guidance during project execution
Bringing new technical developments in-house
Consult with technical staff and Project Managers on technical issues and provide QA/QC reviews on projects outside of their direct involvement.
Recognize potential risks related to nonstandard technical matters or legal disputes and participate in required insurance training to minimize liability.
Work with minimal direction or supervision, demonstrating success with similar project responsibilities.
Oversee technical accuracy of projects through:
Regular communication with project staff
Review of plans, specifications, reports, and calculations
Ensuring compliance with firm standards
Make technical presentations to clients and at public meetings to review and discuss project details.
Lead projects from development through completion by identifying schedules, scopes, budget estimates, and implementation plans, including QA/QC and risk management.
Act as a Public Relations Ambassador by proactively presenting and communicating the company's capabilities and strengths.
Solicit New Clients/Projects by:
Identifying and seeking out new project opportunities
Setting up meetings and participating in proposal development
Cross-selling additional practice areas
Prepare proposals, participate in project interviews, attend and contribute to public meetings, develop fee proposals, and present information to potential clients.
Participate in professional associations and conferences by presenting or authoring technical papers.
Prepare contracts, subcontracts, and negotiate fees associated with new projects.
Required Qualifications

Bachelors Degree =+ 8+ years of relevant experience or Master’s degree in Civil Engineering or other relevant Engineering discipline
Professional Engineering Registration
Minimum of 5 years of specialized experience in Drinking Water Utilities, Pump Stations, Water Quality, and Treatment.
Previous project management experience
Strong experience working with local clients and regulatory agencies
Ability to work both in the field and in office settings
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience with Microsoft Excel, Word, Project, and Outlook
Valid driver’s license and clean driving record as driving is an essential part of the position

Why You'll Love Working For Us

Company-subsidized medical and dental.
Company-paid life, short, and long-term disability.
401k match, tuition assistance, and more.
Cross-training and the ability to work on a variety of projects.
Performance-based bonuses or other incentives.
Working with the best and brightest in the industry.
1,700+ employee national firm with 50+ locations across the US.

Apex Job Title: Sr Project Manager

Req ID: 10643

Annual Expected Pay Range: $115,000 USD - $190,000 USD

We believe in equality for all and celebrate the diversity and differences of our employees, customers, and communities. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Apex aims to make apexcos.com accessible to all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, please contact Talent@apexcos.com or (301) 417-0200. Likewise, feel free to reach out to us if you would like to view or discuss Apex policy related to equal employment opportunity or have any related concerns. EO/AA/VEV/Disabled Employer

TO ALL RECRUITMENT AGENCIES: Apex Companies does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes for any of our job postings to our career’s sites, or to any employees of Apex Companies or affiliates. Apex Companies is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
