Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Engagement Manager II - Remote
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283170715&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Akamai. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Are you interested in engaging customers to extend their lifetime value?

Do you relish the prospect of working with cutting-edge technology?

Join our Customer Success team

Our customer-centric team builds innovative and tailored solutions for our customers to help them achieve their vision. We collaborate to understand customer needs and to deliver results and possibilities for their growth and success. We build trusted relationships through clear communication, honesty and listening to our customers.

Partner with the best

As an Engagement Manager II, you will maximize value, retention and growth throughout the customer life-cycle. You will help to build, innovate and evolve customers' performance, cloud computing and security strategies. Delivering innovative outcomes for customers through efficient relationships, business acumen, and operational focus.

As an Engagement Manager II, you will be responsible for:

Acting as the strategic driver and technical advisor to architects and technology leaders of Akamai's premier customers - leading cross-functional stakeholders, navigating complex challenges, and driving high-impact outcomes 
Partnering with Sales and pre-sales to make recommendations that expand adoption of Akamai's products and services 
Maximizing customer satisfaction, retention, and growth based on the customer's needs and business requirements 
Being the central point of contact for the customer and leading account team to deliver customer success 
Responding to escalations when various program management issues arise and operational improvements to mitigate future risks 
Ensuring customer success by understanding customer's requirements, leveraging best practices and offering services that meet customer needs 

Do What You Love

To be successful in this role you will:

Be a customer advocate passionate about delivering technical solutions 
Demonstrate experience in a customer-facing role within the Information Technology industry 
Experience working with cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc), network technologies, web performance or media related technologies, methodologies and/or architectures 
Demonstrate communication skills and an ability to build trusting relationships with customers across various levels 
Be a team player, able to collaborate, prioritize, and solve problems in a fast changing environment 
Demonstrate experience in Program or Project management in a cross functional and technical team 

Build your career at Akamai

Our ability to shape digital life today relies on developing exceptional people like you. The kind that can turn impossible into possible. We’re doing everything we can to make Akamai a great place to work. A place where you can learn, grow and have a meaningful impact.

With our company moving so fast, it’s important that you’re able to build new skills, explore new roles, and try out different opportunities. There are so many different ways to build your career at Akamai, and we want to support you as much as possible. We have all kinds of development opportunities available, from programs such as GROW and Mentoring, to internal events like the APEX Expo and tools such as Linkedin Learning, all to help you expand your knowledge and experience here.

Learn more

Not sure if this job is the right match for you or want to learn more about the job before you apply? Schedule a 15-minute exploratory call with the Recruiter and they would be happy to share more details.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
