Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Swooped
Role Name: Technical Project Manager III
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $125,000-$185,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278928885&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
About Our Client
Our client is a US-based company whose headquarters is in Utica, NY with employees throughout the country. The Utica/Rome area is a hub of cutting-edge cyber technology research, bolstered by the Griffiss Business & Technology Park’s tenants and facilities, including the Air Force Research Lab (AFRL). At the company, a wide variety of technologies are used, including mobile and web apps, Quantum computing, machine learning and artificial intelligence, AI-enabled edge devices, and many more.

About The Role
Do you have a natural inclination for building and fostering relationships with clients and project teams? Is a passion for using technology to solve problems ever-present in your life? Do you experience joy when tackling the challenge of remaining adaptable to an ever-changing technical environment? Then this may be the position for you. The software engineers work with teammates across the country to deliver cutting-edge products to customers. The organization is searching for a Technical Project Manager III to help teams deliver superior results to clients and customers in all facets of the product and project lifecycle.

Salary Range: $125,000-$185,000 annually. The successful candidate’s salary will heavily depend on how many position qualifications the candidate meets, in addition to education, certifications and experience. This is a full-time exempt position.

Location/Travel/Remote Performance:
Remote performance is possible for this position and the company will consider candidates from across the United States. Regardless of location, a successful candidate can expect approximately 15% travel to company headquarters and client sites across the country.
Due to the clearance required for this position, only U.S. citizens are eligible to apply; as outlined in Executive Order 12968: Access to Classified Information, eligibility for access to classified information may only be granted to employees who are United States citizens.

Responsibilities and Duties
This senior-level position will collaborate with management, business, customers and technology groups throughout the technological project lifecycle, including:
Analyze, plan and develop requirements and standards in reference to scheduled projects
Develop, maintain and archive project documentation, cost estimates, roadmaps, work plans, logs, status reports and other project deliverables per standards.
Act as the main liaison between technical teams and business stakeholders to ensure alignment on priorities and deliverables.
Provide leadership and technical management using prescribed Scrum and Agile methodologies at stand-ups, sprint planning meetings, retrospectives, etc.
Define clear deliverables, and roles and responsibilities for staff members required for specific projects or initiatives
Assign and oversee the daily tasks of technical personnel while ensuring all team members are actively working toward established milestones
Track team performance and deliverables while leading schedule and cost changes with customers
Drive adoption of best practices in project management, team collaboration, and software delivery.
Research and evaluate hardware and software technology options and assist in calculating cost/benefit analysis when considering large purchases on behalf of the company to be billed to contract
Manage conflicts to an early resolution and escalate unresolved issues through proper channels.
Support team performance by removing blockers, fostering accountability, and mentoring junior PMs or scrum masters when needed.
Supervise team members when needed
Assist in the areas of Business Development and Strategy, utilizing domain expertise to contribute to proposals, bids, and other avenues for company growth.

Education and Certifications:
Graduation from an accredited college or university with at minimum a bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer programming, software engineering, management information systems, business, or related field.
A current PM certification and at least one certification in Scrum/Agile methodologies is preferred. The successful candidate may be required to acquire these certifications if they do not already possess them.

Qualifications:
The successful candidate possesses at least five years of professional experience in most of the following areas:
Superior verbal and written communication skills encompassing all typical communication mediums
Knowledge of the interworking of a PMO and ability to contribute to and oversee daily PM activities
Experience implementing project management standards and practices
Strong managerial experience when it comes to both analytical thinking and problem-solving
Excellent time management, organizational and leadership skills, and attention to detail
Experience as a scrum master or a software project lead

Preferred experience:
Experience standing up or running a PMO
Experience with large-scale project management, including IT project management
Experience with Gantt charts
Experience working with federal clients and knowledge of federal compliance and statutory regulations to ensure projects meet contractual obligations
Experience in Business Development

Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and must meet and maintain eligibility requirements for, at minimum, Secret access to classified information.

Benefits:
The benefits package includes health, life, disability, dental, and vision insurance coverage and a 401(k) policy with a 3% company contribution & 3% company match.
Other perks include generous Paid Time Off (including a PTO “gift day” for your birthday), 11 Federal Holidays per year, three weeks paid maternity/paternity leave, and annual technology “allowances”.

Note:
“We are not the EOR (Employer of Record) for this position. Our role in this specific opportunity is to connect outstanding candidates with a top-tier employer. Swooped helps candidates around the world to discover and stay focused on the jobs they want until they can complete a full application in the hiring company career page/ATS.”
