Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: APTIM
Role Name: Project Specialist -- emobility/ebike Programs
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $60K-$70K
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283190588&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Job Overview

APTIM's Energy Transition Team seeks an experienced E-mobility Incentive Program Manager, with consulting experience and client management background, to grow and support our energy solutions and smart infrastructure related business. This is an opportunity for a professional looking to further advance their career with a global environmental leader, and to make a significant impact in successfully implementing APTIM's global energy strategy. This position may telecommute in Western US, or be based in one of APTIM's local offices, ideally in Washington State, Oregon, or Northern California.

APTIM's Energy Transition team is a recognized leader in the marketplace. Our technical experts deliver highly innovative projects and complex client solutions providing the full breadth of energy solutions including energy management, carbon management, smart infrastructure, and distributed energy resources (DER). Our consultants proactively collaborate with clients to define and implement strategies and campaigns around key business drivers, with the primary focus of finding and delivering high-impact projects that exceed expectations and meet the unique needs for our commercial and retail clients.

Within this role, you will provide effective project management and oversight of E-mobility initiatives for new and existing projects including resolving any technical or logistical issues that may arise. The primary function of the

E-mobility Incentive Program Manager will be to act as the lead for E-bike and Electric Vehicle incentive programs delivered by APTIM. In this role, the successful candidate will interface either remotely or on-site, with the client and manage the team, subcontractors, retailers, customers, and stakeholders to complete the project effectively and efficiently. The Manager will focus on providing the client a high-quality consulting experience from program design through implementation and closure by understanding and managing project requirements, delivering an outstanding customer and participant experience and meeting program objectives. Outstanding communication, client management, team management and project management skills are required as this individual will have interactions with the client, APTIM team and partners.

In addition to being an outstanding project leader and communicator, the successful candidate will also demonstrate excellent interpersonal and analytical skills. In this role, you will be working with others who are passionate about energy efficiency, carbon mitigation and making a positive impact on the industry. This role will involve direct engagement with APTIM's commercial and retail clients and utilities (regulated and non-regulated), municipalities/cooperatives, government agencies, and cross-selling energy management strategies to established APTIM customers across the enterprise.

Key Responsibilities/Accountabilities

Work as part of an e-mobility Team.
 Coordinate internal staff to support project execution tasks.
 Manage clients, technology vendors, consulting vendors, stakeholders (local community groups, industry groups, etc.), retailers, contractors, and other partners through project execution tasks.
 Manager internal teams and shared services to support project/program success. 
 Design and manage customer service processes, teams, and outcomes.
 Manage program schedule, budget, staffing, scope, risk and client relationship throughout the development and implementation process.
 Ensure quality and consistency across all aspects of project/program delivery.
 Prepare presentations related to the project for both internal and external team meetings.
 Monitor market conditions, innovations, and trends to evolve project execution methods.
 Support the business development team in the project sales process as needed. 
 All other duties as assigned.
Ensure compliance with all APTIM and client quality and safety policies.

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in engineering, construction management, similar field, or equivalent work experience
Minimum 6-8+ years' related experience in project management, including ownership of and accountability for schedules, staffing plans, budgets, and performance. 
 Outstanding written and oral communications skills with the ability to develop and deliver effective project materials and presentations as well as experience with client engagement.
 Proficient in MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Teams).
Excellent planning skills with proven experience in project management.
Must be a self-starter, organized and have an ability to prioritize and oversee multiple projects in a demanding environment.
Strong quantitative and analytic capabilities including memorandum writing and spreadsheet analysis.
Commitment to fostering a collaborative work environment within the team and the broader. organization.
Ability to think critically to solve issues and provide resolutions.
 All other duties as assigned. 
 Ensure compliance with all APTIM quality and safety policies as well as all OSHA regulations.

Desired/Preferred Qualifications

PMP and/or the desire/ability to obtain.
 Experience in delivering projects for government or utility clients would be an asset.
Proven experience developing and maintaining relationships with various stakeholders. 
2+ years' experience in energy efficiency, sustainability or E-mobility related fields preferred.
Tangible experience with energy efficiency or cost saving programs/projects.
Highly motivated individual that can apply creative approaches to solving problems.

About Aptim

APTIM is committed to accelerating the transition toward a clean and efficient energy economy, building a sustainable future for our communities and natural world, and creating a more inclusive and equitable environment that celebrates the diversity of our communities. We specialize in environmental, resilience, and sustainability and energy solutions, as well as technical and data solutions, program management, and critical infrastructure. For every challenge our clients face, there is an opportunity for APTIM to innovate a fit-for-purpose solution that will raise your organization or community to a new standard of excellence.

What You Can Expect From APTIM

 Work that is worthy of your time and talent 
 Respect and flexibility to live a full life at work and at home 
 Dogged determination to deliver for our clients and communities
 A voice in making our company better
 Investment into your personal and professional development

As of the date of this posting, a good faith estimate of the current pay range for this position is $60K-$70K. Compensation depends on several factors including: experience, education, key skills, geographic location of the position, client requirements, external market competitiveness, and internal equity among other employees within APTIM.

Employee Benefits

Aptim Environmental & Infrastructure, LLC is committed to providing an extensive range of benefits that protect and promote the health and financial well-being of our employees and their families through the APTIM Benefits Marketplace https://aptim.makeityoursource.com/.

Medical, vision, and dental insurance: Through the marketplace, our employees can choose benefits from five metallic levels and 10+ carriers to find the right benefits that work for them in their location.
Life insurance
Short-term and long-term disability insurance
401(k) APTIM offers three 401k plans through the Aon Pooled Employer Plan (PEP). The specific plan you are eligible for depends on the business unit you are in. The details of the largest plan are found here:
APTIM 2025 401(k) Plan Features (makeityoursource.com)
APTIM - Helpful Documents
Paid holidays, vacation, and sick leave (eligibility based on company policy and applicable law)

Watch Our Video

About APTIM - In Pursuit of Better
