Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lumen Technologies
Role Name: Project Manager and Planner
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $82,969 - $110,625
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4275005521&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
About Lumen

Lumen connects the world. We are igniting business growth by connecting people, data and applications – quickly, securely, and effortlessly. Together, we are building a culture and company from the people up – committed to teamwork, trust and transparency. People power progress.

We’re looking for top-tier talent and offer the flexibility you need to thrive and deliver lasting impact. Join us as we digitally connect the world and shape the future.

The Role

Responsible for overseeing the planning, execution, and successful delivery of large-scale projects related to the Company’s fiber-optic network across North America. They will collaborate with cross-functional teams, manage resources, and deliver projects within scope, timeline, and budget restraints. The Project Manager/Planner III will be responsible for leading internal deployments and external reporting. They must be comfortable in a customer-facing role and able to manage in and adapt to a fast-paced and constantly changing environment.

The Main Responsibilities

 Creates and oversees a detailed project plan, including milestones, deliverables, and timelines, collaborating with Project Controls and other cross-functional teams to update as needed.
 Provides reporting and inputs directly to the customer.
 Leads frequent end-to-end deployments to properly allocate resources, monitor progress, identify and mitigate risks, facilitate communication, ensure deliverable quality, and keep a record of project status and updates.
 Collaborates with the Project Controls and Finance teams to track costs against the project budget and provide overall cost management.
 Constantly monitors project execution and progress against the project plan throughout the project lifecycle using project management tools and tracking.
 Delivers multiple objectives in a dynamic, multi-faceted, fast-paced environment.

Minimum

What We Look For in a Candidate

 2+ years of relevant job experience
 Bachelor's Degree in related field
 Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
 An ability to reprioritize and embrace change

Preferred

 5+ years of related experience
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics
 Attention to detail with good organizational capabilities.

Knowledge, Skills Or Abilities

 Strong data/economic analysis skills
 Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
 Detail oriented with an intense focus on quality
 Proven track record as adept and effective project manager
 Exceptional organizational, prioritization, and communications skills
 Strong computer skills with emphasis on Microsoft Excel, Access, and Visio and SQL
 Positive and professional attitude, appearance, and demeanor
 Solid entrepreneurial spirit
 Experience in an engineering role that included a substantial business/financial focus (preferred)
 An ability to understand complex technical issues and learn quickly.
 Adaptability, flexibility, and creativity.
 Mature, professional attitude; leadership and mentoring skills.

Compensation

This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Individual pay is based on skills, experience and other relevant factors.

Location Based Pay Ranges

$82,969 - $110,625 in these states: AL AR AZ FL GA IA ID IN KS KY LA ME MO MS MT ND NE NM OH OK PA SC SD TN UT VT WI WV WY

$87,117 - $116,156 in these states: CO HI MI MN NC NH NV OR RI

$91,266 - $121,688 in these states: AK CA CT DC DE IL MA MD NJ NY TX VA WA

Lumen offers a comprehensive package featuring a broad range of Health, Life, Voluntary Lifestyle benefits and other perks that enhance your physical, mental, emotional and financial wellbeing. We're able to answer any additional questions you may have about our bonus structure (short-term incentives, long-term incentives and/or sales compensation) as you move through the selection process. Learn more about Lumen's:BenefitsBonus Structure

Requisition #: 338934

Background Screening

If you are selected for a position, there will be a background screen, which may include checks for criminal records and/or motor vehicle reports and/or drug screening, depending on the position requirements. For more information on these checks, please refer to the Post Offer section of our FAQ page. Job-related concerns identified during the background screening may disqualify you from the new position or your current role. Background results will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Equal Employment Opportunities

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The job responsibilities described above indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not intended to include a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities for this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on evolving business needs and conditions.

In any materials you submit, you may redact or remove age-identifying information such as age, date of birth, or dates of school attendance or graduation. You will not be penalized for redacting or removing this information.

Please be advised that Lumen does not require any form of payment from job applicants during the recruitment process. All legitimate job openings will be posted on our official website or communicated through official company email addresses. If you encounter any job offers that request payment in exchange for employment at Lumen, they are not for employment with us, but may relate to another company with a similar name.

Application Deadline

08/07/2025
