Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: AdventHealth
Role Name: Organizational Effectiveness, Project Manager I
Location: Maitland, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278901582&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
All the benefits and perks you need for you and your family:

Benefits from Day On
Paid Days Off from Day One
Student Loan Repayment Program
Career Development
Whole Person Wellbeing Resources
Mental Health Resources and Support

Our Promise To You

Joining AdventHealth is about being part of something bigger. Its about belonging to a community that believes in the wholeness of each person, and serves to uplift others in body, mind and spirit. AdventHealth is a place where you can thrive professionally, and grow spiritually, by Extending the Healing Ministry of Christ. Where you will be valued for who you are and the unique experiences you bring to our purpose-minded team. All while understanding that together we are even better.

Schedule: FT / Day

Location: 601 SOUTH LAKE DESTINY ROAD, Maitland, 32751

General Summary

The Organizational Effectiveness, Project Manager I is a position within HR that is responsible for the successful management and execution of strategic initiatives under limited direction. The candidate is expected at a minimum to be familiar with the concepts, principles, and theories behind project management. A qualified candidate must be able to prioritize and manage multiple competing projects, deadlines, and customer relationships, while interacting effectively with stakeholders at all organizational levels, including senior executives & physicians, to affect change within the organization. A successful candidate should be able to transfer clients perceptions of problems into viable solutions and actionable items, utilizing diplomacy and flexibility in response to clients changing concerns, while maintaining oversight of cost, schedule, and quality to ensure that critical milestones and deliverables are completed in a timely manner. Actively participates in outstanding customer service and accepts responsibility in maintaining relationships that are equally respectful to all.

The Role You'll Contribute

Responsible for successful management and execution of strategic initiatives.
Responsible for oversight of cost, schedule, and quality.
Manages project costs and schedule, alert stakeholders to deviations in budget/schedule and their resulting potential impact.
Interacts effectively with stakeholders at all organizational levels, including senior executives and physicians, to affect change within the organization.
Maintains accurate documentation and status of project timeline and keep team stakeholders and executive leadership informed of project status.
Facilitates cross-functional meetings and discussions to address roadblocks and ensure critical milestones and deliverables are completed in a timely manner. Travels between local locations as required for meetings & observations.
Prioritizes and manages multiple competing projects, deadlines, and customer relationships.
Conduct observations, develop actionable plans, and implement viable solutions to problems identified. Proactively identifies potential project risks and takes steps to mitigate them.
Work independently leading projects of low to moderate impact or complexity. Support more experienced individuals on higher complexity projects as required.

Qualifications

The value you'll bring to the team:

Required

The expertise and experiences you'll need to succeed:

Associate's degree in Healthcare, Business, or related field.
Two (2) or more years of experience, OR
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Healthcare, Business, or related field (Preferred)
Has conceptual familiarity with project management tools & methodologies
Has conceptual familiarity with risk management, budget & resource planning, project documentation, and schedule tracking
Awareness of basic process improvement and change management concepts and methodologies
Ability to succinctly translate high level concepts into actionable items
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Excellent organizational and time management skills

This facility is an equal opportunity employer and complies with federal, state and local anti-discrimination laws, regulations and ordinances. The salary range reflects the anticipated base pay range for this position. Individual compensation is determined based on skills, experience and other relevant factors within this pay range. The minimums and maximums for each position may vary based on geographical location.

Category: Operations

Organization: AdventHealth Orlando

Schedule: Full-time

Shift: 1 - Day

Req ID: 25024863

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not tolerate discrimination based on race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age or disability/handicap with respect to recruitment, selection, placement, promotion, wages, benefits and other terms and conditions of employment.
