Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Walter P Moore
Role Name: Forensics Project Manager - Diagnostics
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4103519755&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
Responsibilities

Walter P Moore has an immediate opening for a Forensics Project Manager to join our dynamic Diagnostics Group. The qualified candidate will have relevant experience acquiring Structural Diagnostics business with either an industrial or commercial structure focus. Project Management experience is required.

The Forensics Project Manager will take on the responsibility of managing the technical production and contractual aspects of multiple projects within the office with focus on restoration, rehabilitation, renovation, and forensics related work. This engineer will also assist in marketing, business development and growth of the Diagnostics Group. The engineer should have experience and interest in the area of restoration, rehabilitation, renovation, water infiltration, building envelope issues in addition to forensic engineering work.

The qualified candidate should also possess a high energy level and be a self-motivated project manager who can work within a strong team environment, serving clients on major projects throughout the United States and internationally. Technical specialization, proactivity and assertiveness when meeting client and project needs, are required.

Qualifications

 Master’s Degree in Civil Engineering with focus in Structures preferred 
 7+ years of relevant experience with proven growth 
 P.E. license is required 
 Ability to secure new clients and generate new business 
 Microsoft Office (WORD, EXCEL, POWERPOINT) 
 Computer Aided Drafting/Design (AUTOCAD, REVIT, Rhino, Grasshopper) 
 Strong technical, written and verbal communication 
 Ability to multi-task and meet tight deadlines 
 Strong customer service focus 

Walter P Moore is an equal employment opportunity employer, and provides equal employment opportunities (including offering competitive compensation and benefit packages) to all employees and applicants for employment. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to any characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws and encourage all to apply including veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Overview

Walter P Moore is an international company of engineers, architects, innovators, and creative people who solve some of the world’s most complex structural and infrastructure challenges. Providing structural, diagnostics, civil, traffic, parking, transportation, enclosure, WPM technology and construction engineering services, we design solutions that are cost- and resource-efficient, forward-thinking, and help support and shape communities worldwide. Founded in 1931 and headquartered in Houston, Texas, our 1000+ professionals work across 24 U.S. offices and 7 international locations.
