Status: pending
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Centric Consulting
Role Name: Project Manager – Life Sciences
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278332891&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Level: W2T Consultant

Job Location: Remote

Travel Expectations: 10%

Job Classification: Temporary (W2T)

Join Centric Consulting – A Culture You’ll Love

At Centric Consulting, we've cultivated a unique approach to business. Our business is built on three fundamental principles: Enjoy the people you work with, have fun, and do great work. These principles define our consulting model and have crafted one of the most vibrant cultures in the consulting industry – celebrating individuals, collaboration, and lifelong friendships. 

In this role, you will: 

 Create and manage project plans 
 Define project schedule, manage (client and vendor) resources, and monitor progress 
 Gather business and systems requirements 
 Help project team with the design and development tasks 
 Lead process of risk identification and mitigation/strategy techniques 
 Lead process of issue identification and resolution 
 Monitor and manage scope, budget, and schedule 
 Manage multiple implementation projects simultaneously 
 Plan and manage budget, resources, and milestones 
 Develop and deliver project status reports to PMO and upper-level client resources 

Who You Are: 

 5+ years as a Project Manager with experience managing IT Projects, specifically in the Life Sciences/Biotech/Medical Device space 
 Experience with GxP guidelines, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process, Computer System Validation (CSV)/Computer Software Assurance (CSA) 
 Experience in Life Sciences practices: Clinical Operations, Regulatory Affairs, Quality, Pharmacovigilance, Data Science, Commercial, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Medical Devices 
 Experience with project management tools such as Smartsheet and MS Project 
 Experience in delivering system solutions for matrixed client organizations 
 Able to mentor and lead others through the use of project management best practices 
 PMP Certification preferred 

Total Rewards: 

We proudly offer competitive compensation, a comprehensive and well-rounded benefits package for full-time employees that have been designed to nourish your well-being, such as health coverage, wellness programs, 401K company match, self-managed PTO, and other unique incentives that celebrate your accomplishments.

 Remote and Hybrid Work 
 Time Off When You Need It 
 Benefits That Flex 
 Professional Development 

While benefits eligibility may vary for roles that are non full-time, we provide unique opportunities for growth, skill development, and more. Regardless of your role, you’ll be part of a collaborative environment where every team member contributes to our shared success.

Discover more about our benefits by exploring additional details here benefits .

Who We Are: 

Founded in 1999 with a remote workforce, we combine the benefits of experience, flexibility, and cost efficiency to create tailored solutions centered on what’s best for businesses. Now numbering more than 1,400 employees in the U.S. and India, we’re committed to solving clients’ toughest problems and delivering on our mission of providing unmatched experiences. 

Our purpose at Centric Consulting is to bring  unmatched experiences  to clients and employees. These aren't just words we use — it's how we became a company and who we are today. Providing an unmatched experience means we approach each other as human beings and lead with empathy and humility. It means we work diligently to ensure we are a place where everyone can create a sense of belonging and feel respected for who they are. 

What Makes Centric a Great Place to Work? 

We know that creating and sustaining an authentically welcoming culture requires that we all play a part in promoting  diversity, equity, and inclusion , from our business practice to how we show up for employees and communities. This is how we bring our  mission and core values  to life, working together to provide the highest quality services to our clients while allowing our employees to reach their full potential. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. 

Reasonable accommodations are available for candidates during all aspects of the selection process. Please advise the talent acquisition team if you require accommodations during the application or interview process.
