Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Citrin Cooperman
Role Name: Technical Project Manager (48203)
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276875240&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Description

Citrin Cooperman offers a dynamic work environment, fostering professional growth and collaboration. We’re continuously seeking talented individuals who bring fresh perspectives, a problem-solving mindset, and sharp technical expertise. We know you have choices, so our team of collaborative, innovative professionals are at the ready to support your professional development. At Citrin Cooperman, we offer competitive compensation and benefits and most importantly, the flexibility to manage your personal and professional life to focus on what matters most to you!

We are looking for a Technical Project Manager to join the PMO team. They’re responsible for ensuring IT projects are delivered on time and on budget.

Responsibilities Are, But Not Limited To

 Deliver IT projects on time and on budget. 
 Track project progress and remove blockers to ensure work continues as planned. 
 Develop and manage project plans and change management. 
 Forecast and communicate budgetary impacts of delays, contract adjustments, and/or changes in scope. 
 Identify implementation gaps and manage them up until close. 
 Anticipate technical risks and mitigation strategies, as well as communicate them to Stakeholders. 
 Appropriately push back on scope creep while maintaining good relationships with project sponsors. 

Qualifications

 The ideal candidate must: 

 Have a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, information technology, or equivalent experience. 
 Have 7+ years of experience with managing IT projects. 
 Can understand technical aspects of the project and communicate them with technical resources. 
 Can exercise judgement in the severity of technical issues to determine where escalation is required. 
 Can identify missing technical tasks or dependencies individuals may have overlooked. 
 Have proven experience in delivering technical projects in all areas of IT, including but not limited to software development and integration, security, infrastructure, and data management. 
 Be familiar with at least 3 SDLC methodologies. 
 Have excellent organizational and problem-solving skills, with the ability to work effectively under pressure. 
 Have excellent communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate across departments and levels. 
 Have experience with SDLC tools – Jira is a plus. 
 SQL skillset (preferred).
