Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Telecom Project Manager - Remote
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283105832&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for AireSpring. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Founded in 2001, family owned and operated AireSpring is a leading Provider of Cloud Communications, Managed Connectivity and Managed Security which has earned its stellar reputation by taking service and support to the next level, delivering an award-winning customer experience that far exceeds the industry standards. AireSpring has delivered 20 years of outstanding service to its rapidly rising base of national and global customers, while growing organically and remaining debt free.

As the trusted provider to over 22,000 enterprise locations worldwide, our mission is to help our clients connect and communicate easily. We aim to delight our customers and partners by providing personalized, outstanding service.

The company has built a solid reputation of integrity, reliability and dependability with its channel partners, end-user customers and technology partners.

We have received more than 100 coveted industry awards including "Product of the Year- SD-WAN and UCaaS", "Excellence in Customer Service", "Unified Communications Excellence", "Best in Show," "Best Telecom Deal" and "Top Channel Program".

The Project Manager is responsible for acting as the single point of contact and management for multiple client orders. Client responsibilities include on-going client interaction, timeline and critical task management, coordination across multiple groups and resources and resolving order related issues.

There will be significant interfacing with sales agents and other staff members. The ideal candidate will possess excellent critical thinking skills, communicate well with all levels of personnel and be highly organized.

Profile For Success

Accountable for their client's overall customer satisfaction. 
Responsible for timely project completion, issue identification/resolution, and customer delivery 
Ensures clients clearly understand status of project throughout all phases; including outstanding, pending and completed tasks 
Meet the highest standards and minimize the customers attrition rate 
Remote support for all customers inquiries and tickets 
Performs daily project tracking including resource management, equipment tracking and workflow supervision of multiple projects 
Collects and records documentation including customer set-up documents and implementation related information 
Creates and executes project work plans and revises when appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements 
Summarizes progress of project and prepares interim and project completion reports 
Facilitates efficient and effective internal team and external customer meetings 
Must Have Telecom Project Coordination experience 
Full-time position out of our Van Nuys headquarters 
Must be able to easily learn and use new software programs 
Excellent customer service skills 
Ability to manage multiple priorities and resources in a dynamic environment across various sites, and organize complex information 
Must possess initiative with strong analytical and problem solving skills 
Strong analytical and decision making skills 
Strong verbal and written communications skills 
Strong interpersonal, organization and planning skills 
Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers 
Must possess excellent MS Office skills 
Must display great attention to detail 
Comfortable making presentations and facilitating meetings 

PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR SALARY EXPECTATIONS

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
