Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Mindlance
Role Name: Project manager - Lending
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Rajesh Panwar
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278629056&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Job Title: Project Lead (Program / Sr. Project Manager)
Location: Remote
Duration: 9+ Months (Possibility of Extension/Conversion)

Description:
Business Initiative/Purpose:
Consumer Lending would like the optionality to support future potential transactions that would allow for the acquisition or transfer of loans to a sub-servicer to provide operating leverage.

Role Responsibilities:
Plans and coordinates closely with LOB/function managers and cross functional subject matter experts and key project team members to drive project activities and issue resolution.
Works closely with, and provides direction to business, operations and technology leads to support program needs.
Ensures that project activities are on a path to deliver benefits realization.
Installs an appropriate risk management plan for the project and ensures adherence to company and unit requirements.
Follow PMLC methodology, risk management routines, and project governance activities (working closely with Risk Program Portfolio Lead and Lead Business partners).
Proactively challenge the performance of current systems and processes and identifies risks and develops solutions and/or processes and ensures necessary risk mitigation steps are built into the processes. 
Readily recognizes solution and determines at what point issues require escalation to management and portfolio leads.
Leads teams or multiple teams of internal and/or external resources on a project basis.
Manages project budget forecast and actuals in accordance with finance and reporting routines and methodologies.
Analyzes and collectively manages variances to the project plan and makes recommendation and/or creates action plan to mitigate negative variances or to resolve issues.
Prepares dashboard reporting to identify and communicate the health of the project for use by key executives (in alignment with existing project governance routines).
Prepares documentation/presentations to support overall workstream efforts and internal reporting routines, as needed
Proactively engages key stakeholders to plan, manage, and risk mitigate key items and critical path activities.
Proactively works to engage key stakeholders to understand and mitigate any cross-team concerns/differences and leads group discussions to develop a resolution path to keep project activities on-schedule with appropriate risk mitigation.

Must Have:
Proven ability to effectively manage complex project and initiatives, including multiple business partners across different areas as well as large / complex data sets; demonstrated organization skills
Proven record of leading complex projects through areas of uncertainty and need for scope clarity.
Proven stakeholder relationship management skills to engage and drive cross team conversations at the project member and senior management stakeholder levels. 
Ability to communicate project status from both a project execution-oriented update and in business progression terms.
Bachelor Degree required

Nice to Have:
Planning and executing on "readiness" plans: Client Communications, Teammate Communications and Teammate Training.
Prior experience with system and user acceptance test planning activities
PMP certification
Ability to draft plan material based on conversations with process owners and stakeholders, as needed. 

EEO:
“Mindlance is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment on the basis of – Minority/Gender/Disability/Religion/LGBTQI/Age/Veterans.”
