Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Project Management Coordinator
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $63,525-$82,500.
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: FTADAAA@conduent.com, support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283104666&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Conduent. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Through our dedicated associates, Conduent delivers mission-critical services and solutions on behalf of Fortune 100 companies and over 500 governments - creating exceptional outcomes for our clients and the millions of people who count on them. You have an opportunity to personally thrive, make a difference and be part of a culture where individuality is noticed and valued every day.

Conduent offers Fiscal Agent (FA) services, which include claims payment processing, provider relations, and call center support for fee-for-service claims. Additionally, we manage Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) claims and payment processing, as well as Drug Rebate Administration Management Services (DRAMS) for our customer, the Hawaii Department of Human Services Med-QUEST Division (MQD), which is responsible for Medicaid administration. Conduent has been providing these services to Hawaii MQD for over 20 years.

Conduent Project Management Office (PMO) has been leading the majority of the implementations for various lines of business and states by utilizing the best industry standards and striving for seamless progression and completion of the projects.

As the Project Management Coordinator , you will be assisting the Lead Project Manager with the delivery of multiple concurrent projects at all levels.

Responsibilities

Assists in managing the delivery of multiple concurrent application development projects of all sizes and complexity levels. 
Adopts and complies with the PMO Program and Project processes, including: 
Working with the project team. 
Leveraging PMO project framework standards and best practices. 
Assist with building and maintaining a detailed schedule of project milestones, deliverables, and tasks to ensure work is completed on time and within budget. 
Participate in proactive identification and management of project risks, issues, mitigation plans, and dependencies. 
Take responsibility in managing required project reporting. 
Establish clear project sponsor and stakeholder expectations and engagement model to be managed throughout the project life cycle. 
Performs other duties as assigned by the PM 

Requirements

Have a minimum of one year of experience with crafting scope documentation, developing Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) and meaningful detail project schedules and managing risks and issues. 
Have a minimum of one year of experience working with the management of application development projects. 
Show basic understanding of PMO best practices. 
Be a self-starter who can dive into complex projects and drive forward to a successful completion, with minimal to no supervision. 
Be proficient with project management tools as well as other productivity tools including MS Office, Project, Visio, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, MS Teams, and Power BI Reporting. 
Possess excellent communications skills (interpersonal, presentation, verbal and written). 
Be able to align work schedule with Eastern time zone and support Project activities in the Hawaii time zone. as needed. 

Preferred

Have 2+ years of Pharmacy Benefits Administration (PBA) project management experience. 
Show previous experience and understanding of the Pharmacy Claims and Pharmacy Drug Rebate solutions. 
Have experience working on Agile projects. 

Flexible Working

At Conduent, we want you to be yourself. We recognize that everyone is different and that how people want to work and deliver at their best is different for everyone too.

In this role, you can expect the following working conditions:

Remote work: Enjoy the convenience of working from home and maximize your time by unplugging at the end of your workday.

Working For You

Perks And Rewards Designed For You

Health and Welfare Benefits: Our health and welfare benefits can be tailored to fit you and your family's needs and start on the first day of employment. 
Retirement Savings: We will support you as you save for your future. 
Employee Discounts: We offer you access to a vast selection of global, national, and local discounts on merchandise, services, travel, and more. 
Career Growth Opportunities: We help you thrive, so together, we can grow. We provide opportunities to advance your career with a vast portfolio of businesses and a global footprint. 
Paid Training: Earn while you learn and continue to grow with access to award-winning learning platforms throughout your Conduent career. 
Paid time off: We provide attractive paid time off packages designed for you to enjoy your life away from work. 
Great Work Environment: We are proud of our award-winning culture and the recognition we’ve received for our diversity efforts. 

Join Us

At Conduent, We Are One Team, One Mission. We Understand That Our Success Is Directly Related To The Success Of Our Associates. We Strive To Create a Culture Where You Can

Bring your authentic self to work.

Grow and thrive, both personally and professionally.

Make a difference with our clients, in our communities, and with the millions of people we support.

When you join Conduent, you are engaged in creating the future - both our company’s and your own. With more than 60,000 associates across 24 countries, we will provide you the opportunity to grow with a team of people who will challenge and inspire you to be the best!

Pay Transparency Laws in some locations require disclosure of compensation and/or benefits-related information. For this position, actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. In addition to base pay, this position, based on business need, may be eligible for a bonus or incentive. In addition, Conduent provides a variety of benefits to employees including health insurance coverage, voluntary dental and vision programs, life and disability insurance, a retirement savings plan, paid holidays, and paid time off (PTO) or vacation and/or sick time. The estimated salary range for this role is $63,525-$82,500.

Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law.

People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by submitting their request through this form that must be downloaded: click here to access or download the form (https://downloads.conduent.com/content/usa/en/file/conduent-applicant-adaaa-referral-form.pdf) . Complete the form and then email it as an attachment to FTADAAA@conduent.com . You may also click here to access Conduent's ADAAA Accommodation Policy (http://downloads.conduent.com/content/usa/en/document/cdt_adaaa_accommodation_pol.pdf) .

At Conduent we value the health and safety of our associates, their families and our community. For US applicants while we DO NOT require vaccination for most of our jobs, we DO require that you provide us with your vaccination status, where legally permissible. Providing this information is a requirement of your employment at Conduent.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
