Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Applicantz
Role Name: Technical Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Seerat Mahajan
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278574208&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Looking for someone who is based in PST and can work in PST

We are looking for a seasoned Technical Program Manager to lead pivotal technical initiatives driving end-to-end execution within our Digital Experience Organization. This role demands a strategic thinker with robust experience in program management and a knack for steering cross-functional teams toward success. You will be accountable for the delivery of technical programs and initiatives, including planning, execution, risk management, dependency management, and stakeholder alignment. 

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in an Engineering discipline, Computer Science, Business or a related field
8+ years of experience as a Technical Program Manager, Technical Product Manager, or Product Manager
Extensive experience working with business and technical on highly complex initiatives involving multiple software engineering teams, in a fast-paced environment, using Agile methodologies
Good technical background and aptitude, detailed driven and have excellent problem-solving abilities
Ability to communicate effectively with a broad audience
Zeal for process and operational excellence
Ability to leverage technical tools to scale programs and solutions
Experience with Confluence, Asana, Jira, MURL, Lucidchart preferred
Desire to continue to learn and challenge yourself

Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain project plans across multiple technical teams and to provide greater transparency to program status, assignments, dependencies, and outcomes for all program.
Partner with other SMEs to simplify the technically complex, and drive well-educated data-driven decisions across product, engineering, design, and data science representatives.
Partner in defining the outcomes, deliverables, milestones, and dependencies of the programs.
Drive alignment of cross-organization initiatives through outcome planning, dependency management, and impediment removal.
Identify and communicate project risks and partner with your cross functional team to mitigate conflicts and resolve issues.
Demonstrate excellent judgment, anticipate bottlenecks, lead escalations, make tradeoffs, and balance business needs versus technical constraints.
Support and facilitate roadmap planning and prioritization for each quarter and fiscal year.
Manage day-to-day project activities, meetings, and communication plans to ensure critical project milestones and objectives are met.
Organize, facilitate and execute user acceptance testing (UAT) sessions to ensure optimal success of product releases on time and with quality.
Partner with other TPMs, multiple stakeholders and technology leaders in determining the best technical implementation methods.
Demonstrate excellent judgment, anticipate bottlenecks, lead escalations, make tradeoffs, and balance business needs versus technical constraints.
Plan and ensure delivery by engaging with engineering leadership and teams to build and track clear delivery plans
Update and communicate program progress across organizational boundaries and levels from individual contributors to senior executive

Our Fortune Technology client is ranked as one of the best companies to work with, in the world. As a global leader in 3D design, engineering, and entertainment software, they foster a progressive culture, creativity, and a flexible work environment using cutting-edge technologies.
