Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: ENFRA
Role Name: Operations Manager-MEP Commercial Construction Projects
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283035905&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
About Us

At ENFRA, we blend a rich history with a forward-looking vision. With over 100 years of experience, we are a pillar of stability in the energy infrastructure industry and a leader in innovative energy solutions. Our commitment to leveraging emerging technologies ensures that we remain at the forefront of the Energy-as-a-Service sector.
 
We believe in growth not just for our business, but for our people. Our team members have the opportunity to advance their careers in a supportive environment that values continuous learning and development. We embrace innovation and encourage creative problem solving to tackle the energy infrastructure and energy challenges of tomorrow.
 
Inclusion is at the heart of our culture. We strive to create a workplace where every voice is heard and valued, fostering a collaborative environment where diverse perspectives drive our success.
 
Join us to be part of a legacy of excellence and a future of groundbreaking advancements. At ENFRA, stability, innovation, and growth are more than just values they are the pillars of our continued success.

Overview

The Operations Manager is responsible for providing leadership and direction for day-to-day execution of work of the assigned business unit from Preconstruction to Project Closeout. Developing and implementing execution plans and maximizing overall business objectives and ensure maximum profitability.

Responsibilities

Manages Project Managers, General Superintendents and Superintendents.
Allocating, coordinating and quality assurance of drafting resources within Business Units.
Implementing productivity improvements, assure project compliance and quality assurance.
Maintaining consistency in Project and Field Management processes throughout Business Unit
Champion of safety, discipline safety violators and provide coaching to prevent problems.
Initiate and hold Project Review meetings with Project Managers, General Superintendents, and Superintendents, including review of deviations on status reports, billings, and cash position of each project.
Approves all additional pricing quoted to customers, including change orders, back charges, claims, and anything that changes contract.
Resolves cost-related issues between Installing and Engineering.
Identifies and monitors upcoming Project Managers.
Tracks and reports on risk management (cert, of insurance, bonds of subs, safety, theft).
Assures customer satisfaction through project manager/superintendent team.

Qualifications

At least 8 years verifiable experience in heavy ($20M+) plumbing and HVAC commercial construction (Hotels, High Rise Office Buildings, Hospitals, etc.).
State plumbing license or 5+ verifiable years as an Operations Manager.
Proven leadership and supervisory skills with responsibility of managing numerous superintendents and general superintendents with projects that are ongoing simultaneously.
Effective verbal and written communication skills.
Detail-oriented and willing to tackle various ongoing projects in a fast-paced environment.
Versed in the industry and the Company's competitors.
Ability to multitask and perform duties outside of the scope of work when necessary.
At least 6 months of safety training other state
Quiet environment
Climbing stairs.
Remaining in a stationary position, often standing or sitting for prolonged periods
Repeating motions that may include the wrists, hands and/or fingers
Light work that includes adjusting and/or moving objects up to 20 pounds
0-5% of the time will be spent traveling to the job site(s)/office locations.

Pay Range

USD $130,000.00 - USD $160,000.00 /Yr.

ENFRA is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Women, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities, and participates in the e-Verify program. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability, or any other classification protected by law.
