Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Jobs via Dice
Role Name: Technical Project Manager (Healthcare Domian) - FTE
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4276861955&distance=25&f_TPR=r10500&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, CitiusTech, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

Job Description

Sr. Technical Manager / Project Manager

Who we are: -

At CitiusTech, we constantly strive to solve the industry's greatest challenges with technology, creativity, and agility. With over 8,500 healthcare technology professionals worldwide, CitiusTech powers healthcare digital innovation, business transformation, and industry-wide convergence for over 140 organizations through next-generation technologies, solutions, and products. We aim to accelerate the transition to a human-first, sustainable, and digital healthcare ecosystem with the world's leading Healthcare and life sciences organizations and our partners.

Here is an opportunity for you to make a difference and collaborate with global leaders to shape the future of healthcare and positively impact human lives.

Our vision: -

To inspire new possibilities for the health ecosystem with technology and human ingenuity.

What is in it for you?

Seeking a seasoned Senior Technical Manager / Project Manager, to Lead impactful healthcare consulting and managed services delivery in a dynamic, fast-paced environment driving client success, team collaboration, and continuous growth.

Responsibilities: -

Technical Manager will provide clients healthcare consulting services by assessing the client's business needs, recommending and implementing operational solutions, and managing deliverables to timeline and budget
Consults with clients to identify operational goals and needs then translates the client's needs into detail requirement specifications
Documents the current state workflows
Reviews, analyzes, and modifies designated systems including completing configuration, testing, and documentation
Ensures client engagement expectations and deliverable deadlines are met
Prepares and completes action plans, determines system improvements, resolves problems, and implements necessary changes as identified
Investigates alternative solutions including feasibility using vendor analysis and vendor evaluations
Identifies new opportunities for implementation, optimization, upgrades, and ongoing application support in conjunction with MAS Business Development
Other duties as required
Supervises the day-to-day workload on assigned engagements and reviews work product
Supervises the day-to-day workload on assigned engagements and reviews work product

Experience: -

10+ Years

Location: -

Remote

Duration: -

Full Time / Permanent

Educational Qualifications: -

Engineering Degree BE/ME/BTech/MTech/BSc/MSc.
Technical certification in multiple technologies is desirable.

Skills: -

Mandatory Skills

Minimum five (5) years of healthcare industry experience, with a vendor or consulting organization, or within a large delivery system, required
Experience with EHR vendor systems is preferred.
Strong technical acumen with knowledge of and demonstrated technical abilities with end-user hardware and software and associated platforms (cloud, on prem), including Microsoft Office, Microsoft Windows, and development environments
Exceptional interpersonal, organization, and customer service skills
Experience with scripting languages (PowerShell, Perl, Python).
Development background in Java, Python, C++, or Visual Studio, cloud platforms required
Strong Microsoft PowerPoint skills
Proficient in SharePoint, preferred
Executive presence, with the ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.
Interpersonal able to establish and maintain effective, professional relationships with all levels of client staff including senior leadership, other employees, vendors etc.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Presentation able to communicate information professionally and formally to client through meetings and written presentations
Leadership proven ability to proactively lead and develop team to reach project goals and objectives
Independence proven ability to manage small to medium projects including development of scope, project plan and timeline, status reports, and other tools to ensure successful client engagements
Strong analytical and advanced research skills related to industry trends, market competition and technology
Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment
Ability to empower team members to explore their full potential.

Preferred Skills

Executive presence, with the ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements
Interpersonal able to establish and maintain effective, professional relationships with all levels of client staff including senior leadership, BDO employees and the public
Presentation able to communicate information professionally and formally to client through meetings and written presentations
Leadership proven ability to proactively lead and develop team to reach project goals and objectives
Independence proven ability to manage small to medium projects including development of scope, project plan and timeline, status reports, and other tools to ensure successful client engagements
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as presentation skills
Strong analytical and advanced research skills related to industry trends, market competition and technology
Solid organizational skills, especially the ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details
Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment
Ability to work in a deadline-driven environment, and handle multiple projects simultaneously
Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the Firm and with clients
Build and maintain strong relationships with internal and client personnel
Ability to encourage a team environment on engagements, and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnel

Life at CitiusTech

We focus on building highly motivated engineering teams and thought leaders with an entrepreneurial mindset, centred on our core values of Passion, Respect, Openness, Unity, and Depth (PROUD) of knowledge. Our success lies in creating a fun, transparent, non-hierarchical, diverse work culture that focuses on continuous learning and work-life balance.

Rated by our employees as the  Great Place to Work for according to the Great Place to Work survey. We offer you a comprehensive set of benefits to ensure that you have a long and rewarding career with us.

Our EVP

Be You Be Awesome is our EVP and it reflects our continuing efforts to create CitiusTech as a great place to work where our employees can thrive, both personally and professionally. It encompasses the unique benefits and opportunities we offer to support your growth, well-being, and success throughout your journey with us and beyond. Together with our clients, we are solving some of the greatest healthcare challenges and positively impacting human lives. Welcome to the world of Faster Growth, Higher Learning, and Stronger Impact.

Join CitiusTech. Be You. Be Awesome.
