Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Centene Corporation
Role Name: Project Manager I
Location: Florida, United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: $55,100.00 - $99,000.00
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278665001&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
You could be the one who changes everything for our 28 million members. Centene is transforming the health of our communities, one person at a time. As a diversified, national organization, you’ll have access to competitive benefits including a fresh perspective on workplace flexibility.

Fully remote role, candidate may reside anywhere within the Continental US.*** 

Position Purpose Plans, organizes, monitors, and oversees projects utilizing cross functional teams to deliver defined requirements and meet company strategic objectives.

Support the full project life cycle including requirements gathering, creation of project plans and schedules, obtaining and managing resources, managing budget, and facilitating project execution, deployment and closure.
Utilize corporate and industry standard project management tools and techniques to effectively oversee projects.
Assist with establishment and maintenance of corporate project management methodology and other department procedures.
Maintain detailed project documentation including meeting minutes, action items, issues lists and risk management plans.
Effectively communicate project status to all stakeholders.
Negotiate with project stakeholders to identify resources, resolve issues, and mitigate risks.
Coordinate cross-functional meetings with various functional areas to meet overall stakeholder expectations and company's objectives.
Provide functional and technical knowledge across multiple business and technical areas.
Monitor the creation of all project deliverables to ensure adherence to quality standards including design documents, test plans, training materials, and operations documentation.
Performs other duties as assigned
Complies with all policies and standards

Education/Experience Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of project management experience. Experience working with and leading diverse groups and matrix managed environments. Healthcare experience preferred.Pay Range $55,100.00 - $99,000.00 per year

Centene offers a comprehensive benefits package including competitive pay, health insurance, 401K and stock purchase plans, tuition reimbursement, paid time off plus holidays, and a flexible approach to work with remote, hybrid, field or office work schedules. Actual pay will be adjusted based on an individual's skills, experience, education, and other job-related factors permitted by law, including full-time or part-time status. Total compensation may also include additional forms of incentives. Benefits may be subject to program eligibility.

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.

Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered in accordance with the LA County Ordinance and the California Fair Chance Act
