Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Kforce Inc
Role Name: Project Manager
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Hybrid
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4268633079&distance=25&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOBS_HOME_KEYWORD_HISTORY&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Responsibilities

A client with Kforce is seeking a Project Manager to join their team in Orlando FL. This is a hybrid opportunity. Summary: Activities include high level leadership on the delivery of multiple projects, developing cost benefit analyses for the program, communicating to an executive committee, creating and reporting program status utilizing a dashboard, allocating resources across the multiple projects, defining project governance policies and managing the financial concerns of the program. The Project Manager must be able to utilize and effectively communicate technical components of an initiative to applicable parties.

Requirements

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent; Must be self motivated, well organized and have strong innovation and facilitation skills
 6+ years of experience
 Proven oral and written communication skills; Excellent business presentation skills
 Excellent analytical skills
 Ability to interface effectively with all levels and across organizational lines, including the business units
 Ability to effectively utilize external vendors and resources throughout the organization
 Demonstrated success at building team relationships and partnerships across organizational lines
 Desired experience: Identity and access management process and systems; Microsoft active directory; server and networking fundamentals

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

By clicking “Apply Today” you agree to receive calls, AI-generated calls, text messages or emails from Kforce and its affiliates, and service providers. Note that if you choose to communicate with Kforce via text messaging the frequency may vary, and message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You will always have the right to cease communicating via text by using key words such as STOP.
