Status: pending
Data-Status: pending
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Press Ganey
Role Name: Project Manager( Market Research)
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $54,000 to $68,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4370686283&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Job Description:
About the job
Company Description

Press Ganey is the leading experience measurement, data analytics, and insights provider for complex industries—a status we earned over decades of deep partnership with clients to help them understand and meet the needs of their key stakeholders. Our earliest roots are in U.S. healthcare –perhaps the most complex of all industries. Today we serve clients around the globe in every industry to help them improve the Human Experiences at the heart of their business. We serve our clients through an unparalleled offering that combines technology, data, and expertise to enable them to pinpoint and prioritize opportunities, accelerate improvement efforts and build lifetime loyalty among their customers and employees.

Like all great companies, our success is a function of our people and our culture. Our employees have world-class talent, a collaborative work ethic, and a passion for the work that have earned us trusted advisor status among the world’s most recognized brands. As a member of the team, you will help us create value for our clients, you will make us better through your contribution to the work and your voice in the process. Ours is a path of learning and continuous improvement; team efforts chart the course for corporate success.

Our Mission

We empower organizations to deliver the best experiences. With industry expertise and technology, we turn data into insights that drive innovation and action.

Our Values

To put Human Experience at the heart of organizations so every person can be seen and understood.

Energize the customer relationship: Our clients are our partners. We make their goals our own, working side by side to turn challenges into solutions. 
Success starts with me: Personal ownership fuels collective success. We each play our part and empower our teammates to do the same. 
Commit to learning: Every win is a springboard. Every hurdle is a lesson. We use each experience as an opportunity to grow. 
Dare to innovate: We challenge the status quo with creativity and innovation as our true north. 
Better together: We check our egos at the door. We work together, so we win together. 

Project Managers are chiefly responsible for facilitating an exceptionally high level of project execution for our clients. Specific job responsibilities include facilitation and execution of projects/surveys on schedule and within budget throughout a project lifecycle. You will build and maintain key relationships with our clients. This position involves daily interaction, coordination, and execution with both internal & external teams and requires excellent attention to detail and communication skills. 

Key Responsibilities

Serve as the senior point of contact for enterprise clients, ensuring clear communication, strong stakeholder confidence, and a consistent, high quality experience throughout the project lifecycle.
Develop a comprehensive understanding of each client’s business priorities, industry environment, and organizational structure to inform tailored project and program strategies.
Lead client meetings, strategic discussions, and project reviews with professionalism, clarity, and a consultative approach.
Proactively identify client needs and project risks, recommending effective solutions to maintain alignment, mitigate issues, and support successful outcomes.
Set and manage expectations related to scope, timelines, feasibility, sampling plans, fieldwork milestones, deliverables, and operational considerations.
Cultivate long term, trust based relationships that position Forsta as a strategic partner and an extension of the client’s internal team.
Guide clients through complex, multi phase or multi country programs, providing direction on best practices, operational workflows, and project requirements.
 Promote and drive adoption of Forsta tools, platforms, and recommended processes to enhance project efficiency, consistency, and data quality.
Oversee the full lifecycle of high complexity research projects—from initial scoping and kickoff through execution, quality assurance, fieldwork oversight, delivery, and closeout.
Ensure strong internal alignment by coordinating cross functional teams, communicating requirements and risks, and contributing to account growth through outstanding service delivery.
 Ensure all project activities adhere to Forsta’s quality standards, compliance requirements, and operational best practices to maintain consistency and excellence across engagements.
Prepare clear, accurate, and timely project documentation—including scopes, timelines, status updates, and post project summaries—to support transparency and organizational alignment.
 Support long term account health by identifying patterns, insights, and operational improvements that enhance the client experience and strengthen Forsta’s strategic value.

Required Qualifications

5+ years of Project Management experience, including 4+ years in Market Research or Research Insights, with a proven ability to lead large, complex, or enterprise level programs.
Demonstrated success building and sustaining consultative, trust based client relationships, serving as the primary client lead for multi phase or multi country initiatives.
Strong command of survey operations and fieldwork workflows, with familiarity in research methodology, sampling logic, and data interpretation concepts (preferred but not required).
Hands on experience with survey platforms, including Forsta Surveys (Decipher), and the ability to guide clients and internal teams in platform usage and best practices.
Exceptional communication and executive level presentation skills, with the ability to simplify complex topics for diverse audiences and influence decision making.
Advanced technical proficiency, including strong MS Office fluency (Excel, PowerPoint, Word), and comfort working with tools such as Salesforce, Jira, Teamwork, and Slack.
Strong commercial and financial acumen, including experience supporting account growth, building budgets, forecasting, and managing project margins. 

Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Press Ganey we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Additional Information For US Based Jobs

Press Ganey Associates LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and well committed to a diverse workforce. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and basis of disability or any other federal, state, or local protected class.

Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Notice – Press Ganey will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.

The expected base salary for this position ranges from $54,000 to $68,000 . It is not typical for offers to be made at or near the top of the range. Salary offers are based on a wide range of factors including relevant skills, training, experience, education, and, where applicable, licensure or certifications obtained. Market and organizational factors are also considered. In addition to base salary and a competitive benefits package, successful candidates are eligible to receive a discretionary bonus or commission tied to achieved results.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Our privacy policy can be found here: https://www.pressganey.com/legal-privacy/
