Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: Environmental Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: HRQuestions@cbifederalservices.com, support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283106697&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=50

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for APTIM. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Job Overview

APTIM is seeking an energetic Environmental Project Manager to join our team of engineers, scientists, and technicians who are passionately committed to safely solving our clients' environmental concerns. The qualified candidate will be a hands-on Project Manager, dedicated to completing projects with precision and accuracy. They will participate in the development, planning, oversight, management, and implementation of environmental work related to Phase I and Phase II environmental site assessments, remediation, and infrastructure projects. This may include environmental assessments and remediation projects for state and local government, heavy industry, and retail petroleum clients, dewatering permitting and compliance assistance to state, local, and private clients. The successful candidate will profitably and safely manage environmental assessment/compliance/remediation projects to client expectations from proposal through execution to invoicing and be able to effectively mentor less experienced staff.

Key Responsibilities/Accountabilities

Managing projects in Multiple States 
Managing client projects from proposal through execution and Invoicing. 
Managing budgets from $500K and up 
Interaction and cooperation with the client and the client's staff, vendors, contractors. 
Developing and executing various work scopes while maintaining project schedules and budgetary goals. 
Conducts work independently or as part of a project team, adjusting work priorities to quickly changing site conditions and project schedules. 
Monitors and manages budgets and timelines for execution of projects. 
Manages schedule and balances multiple priorities to meet project targets and timelines. 
Interpretation and evaluation of scientific data. 
Provide technical support to projects in all phases of work and a variety of scopes that include but are not limited to: conceptual design, environmental due diligence, environmental site characterization, monitoring, dewatering permitting, remediation design, regulatory reporting procurement, and construction. 
Adheres to established health and safety policies and procedures and executes work in a safe and conscientious manner. 
Prepares or reviews technical documents for regulatory agencies and private clients. 
This role is remote but travel up between 10-20% of the time 

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Geology, Environmental Science, Project Management, Environmental Engineering, or other Science degree required. 
10-20 years of experience in project execution/management and personnel management in the environmental industry 
Strong written and oral communication skills are required. 
Proficiency in Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Teams, and PowerPoint 
Experience with Phase I/II Environmental Site Assessments and due diligence services 
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment. 
Strong attention to detail. 
Excellent time management skills and ability to manage multiple activities on an on-going basis by given deadline. 
Must be able to safely operate a company vehicle. 
Completion of 40-hour OSHA-HAZWOPER training and annual refreshers. 
The following certifications are a plus: Professional geologist/Engineer, Licensed Asbestos Inspector; Asbestos Project Monitor; Lead Inspector/Risk Assessor, Indoor Air Quality Training. 
Indoor air quality, industrial hygiene, and/or environmental compliances services experience are a plus. 

Desired/Preferred Qualifications

Experience managing projects for both government and private clients. 
Experience working in Georgia, Tennessee, Indiana, Ohio, Maryland, New Jersey and/or Florida geologic environments 

About Aptim

APTIM is committed to accelerating the transition toward a clean and efficient energy economy, building a sustainable future for our communities and natural world, and creating a more inclusive and equitable environment that celebrates the diversity of our communities. We specialize in environmental, resilience, and sustainability and energy solutions, as well as technical and data solutions, program management, and critical infrastructure. For every challenge our clients face, there is an opportunity for APTIM to innovate a fit-for-purpose solution that will raise your organization or community to a new standard of excellence.

What You Can Expect From APTIM

Work that is worthy of your time and talent 
Respect and flexibility to live a full life at work and at home 
Dogged determination to deliver for our clients and communities 
A voice in making our company better 
Investment into your personal and professional development 

As of the date of this posting, a good faith estimate of the current pay range for this position is $ 90K to $ 130K annually. Compensation depends on several factors including: experience, education, key skills, geographic location of the position, client requirements, external market competitiveness, and internal equity among other employees within APTIM.

Employee Benefits

Aptim Environmental and Infrastructure, LLC is committed to providing an extensive range of benefits that protect and promote the health and financial well-being of our employees and their families through the APTIM Benefits Marketplace https://aptim.makeityoursource.com/ .

Medical, vision, and dental insurance: Through the marketplace, our employees can choose benefits from five metallic levels and 10+ carriers to find the right benefits that work for them in their location. 
Life insurance 
Short-term and long-term disability insurance 
401(k) APTIM offers three 401k plans through the Aon Pooled Employer Plan (PEP). The specific plan you are eligible for depends on the business unit you are in. The details of the largest plan are found here: APTIM 2025 401(k) Plan Features (makeityoursource.com) (https://aptim.makeityoursource.com/getattachment/eaa3a0a0-e46b-447b-b8b7-18f2fbf26eae/APTIM-401k-Plan-Features.pdf) 
APTIM - Helpful Documents 
APTIM 2025 401(k) Plan Features (https://aptim.makeityoursource.com/getattachment/eaa3a0a0-e46b-447b-b8b7-18f2fbf26eae/APTIM-401k-Plan-Features.pdf) 
Paid holidays, vacation, and sick leave (eligibility based on company policy and applicable law) 

Watch Our Video

About APTIM - In Pursuit of Better (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCRFRS4ZZjg)

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled

Applicants with a physical or mental disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may make their request known by e-mailing HRQuestions@cbifederalservices.com or calling 855.343.5600 for assistance.

EOE/Vets/Disability

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
