Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Motion Recruitment
Role Name: Project Manager Scrum Master
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Rick Prado
Application Instructions: LinkedIn Easy Apply
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4278635614&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
Our client is a leading pharmaceutical solutions organization with a REMOTE opportunity for a Scrum Master with a technical background and IT Project Manager experience. A recognizable Scrum Master certification (CSM, SAFe) is required. 

Contract Duration: August 2025 - January 31, 2026

**The candidate submission window for this position will halt soon. Apply Now!**

Required Highlights:
Certified Scrum Master in SAFe agile.
Must have experience managing multiple Scrum and Kanban teams simultaneously with Azure Dev Ops Boards (coordinating Sprints, Kanban board, loading backlog, dashboards, reporting and to manage budget in Clarity, develop status reports, contributes to portfolio reporting, etc.
 Job Overview:
We are seeking a dynamic and experienced Scrum Master to provide effective leadership, collaboration, and facilitation for our Data and Analytics projects. 
This role will involve supporting the agile development process while managing multiple projects simultaneously to ensure the delivery of high-quality applications.
The Scrum Master will oversee 1-4 Data and Analytics projects, handling all aspects from project initiation to completion. Responsibilities include creating project plans, assigning resources, tracking progress, reviewing financials, and holding the team accountable for deliverables.
Candidates should be highly experienced with the solution development life cycle, application development, and agile methodologies, operating effectively in a bi-modal manner (Waterfall and Agile). 

Required Skills & Experience
5+ years of experience as a Scrum Master with at least several Waterfall projects.
5+ years of experience managing Information Technology (IT) projects.
Experience with application development as a Scrum Master.
Experience with software package implementation/roll-out.
Experience using Azure DevOps Boards in a project (typically in a Kanban or Scrum environment).
Experience with driving and facilitating PI Planning events utilizing Mural Boards.
Experience with Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, MS Teams).
Experience with Microsoft Project (creating, maintaining/updating project plans).
Strong experience with Excel functions and charts (pivots, counts, lookups, formatting).
Experience with financial tracking: actuals and ETCs against project baseline.

Preferred Skills
Experience running Scrum and Kanban with Azure DevOps Boards (coordinating sprints, Kanban board, loading backlog, dashboards, reporting).
Project management experience in the field of Data and Analytics, including working with platform environments and architecture strategy.
Experience with the CA PPM Clarity application for project management.
Experience with ServiceNow.
Experience with Confluence (creating/uploading documentation).
Experience with Microsoft Teams for project document management.
Familiarity with Agile approaches such as User-Centered Design, Lean Six Sigma, and DevOps.
Knowledge of Data and Analytics, Master Data Management, and the ability to manage project financials, Clarity (resources, financial reporting), Jira, and Azure DevOps Boards - Agile and project metrics.
