Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Alluvionic Inc.
Role Name: Project Manager - NCSES
Location: United States
Type: Remote
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4281077391&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=25

Job Description:
About the job
Alluvionic is seeking talented individuals like you to join our team. Make a difference while enhancing your skills and knowledge in an exciting and rewarding work environment. Don't miss out on this opportunity to take your career to the next level!

Job Summary
Alluvionic is seeking a Project Manager with 3–5 years of experience to support the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics (NCSES) in planning, coordination, and execution of survey and report projects. NCSES conducts a wide range of data collection efforts and produces critical reports that shape national policy and inform the public on science and engineering (S&E) trends.

This position is Remote
Travel may be required up to 10%

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Job performance includes, but is not limited to, the following duties:

Responsibilities:
Assist in maintaining and updating project schedules for a wide range of data products and publications.
Coordinate with internal NCSES teams and stakeholders to gather project requirements and assist in defining scope and deliverables.
Support the execution of projects using structured project management methods (e.g., waterfall or hybrid).
Track project progress, update dashboards, and escalate risks or issues to senior staff when needed.
Participate in regular project status meetings and assist in preparing meeting notes and status summaries.
Help manage dependencies and timelines across related projects or phases.
Ensure that schedules for key reports and data releases are accurate and kept up to date.
Collaborate with other contractors and technical teams to support timely dissemination of NCSES products.
Contribute to project status reporting and documentation for internal and external stakeholders.
Assist in coordinating and documenting reviews, deliverables, and stakeholder communications.
Support schedule impact assessments related to risks, scope changes, and resource constraints.
Our team uses Smartsheet in day-to-day management of NCSES projects. Candidates must either be familiar with Smartsheet or willing and capable of quickly learning to use it effectively.
Qualifications:
Current project management certification in waterfall project management (examples include PMP certification).
At least 3 years of experience in project management, preferably in research, data, or the federal environment.
At least 2 years of experience using project management systems, such as Microsoft Project, Smartsheet, Monday.com, Asana, Trello, or similar tools to manage schedules, tasks, and project communications.
Demonstrated experience in:
Developing project plans
Creating and maintaining schedules
Managing resource constraints
Tracking project progress
Ability to learn and apply federal contract regulations and NSF-specific policies and procedures.
Familiarity with Smartsheet is strongly preferred; otherwise, candidate must demonstrate the ability to quickly learn and use Smartsheet effectively in daily project work.
Above average oral and written communication skills.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships and resolve conflicts in a professional environment.

Benefits:
15 PTO days, plus 5 additional days on your 10th hire anniversary
11 paid holidays per our company handbook
Health insurance 50% premium paid by employer (note: employer contribution does not apply to dependents)
Health Savings Account 
Vision and dental insurance 
Long-term and short-term disability insurance (paid fully by the company)
25k employer paid AD&D & life insurance (with buy-up options for additional coverage)
401(k) retirement plan with 100% company match up to 4% of employee’s gross salary
Annual incentive pay opportunity
Tuition reimbursement (after 6 months of employment)
Employee referral bonus company handbook
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Professional organization membership (after 6 months of employment)
Paid professional certification (after 6 months of employment)
Workers’ compensation (paid fully by the company)
100% employer paid IDShield® membership
On-site notary for headquarters employees 
Multiple company celebrations


Who We are:
Alluvionic is a woman-owned, 8(a) certified solutions provider of project management and process improvement services. We offer a wide range of products and services including extensive enterprise Process Improvement, CMMI (Capability Maturity Model Integration), CMMC (Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification), PMO (Project Management Office), and ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) implementations for clients in various industries, providing Project Assurance® for every project.
We pride ourselves in being a Registered Provider Organization (RPO) with the CMMC Accreditation Body.

What it’s like to work at Alluvionic:
Working at Alluvionic means being surrounded by helpful and brilliant people who want to support your career growth. We are a company that puts people first and will help you get where you want to go. When we make mistakes, we own them, fix them, and improve our processes so we do better next time. We work hard and never forget to have fun, especially at happy hour.
We live by our company values of Family, Integrity, Professionalism, Innovation, Forward-Progress, Organization, and Communication. We invite you to apply if you share values even if your career path has been nontraditional.
Alluvionic is an authorized DoD SkillBridge Partner Organization. The DoD SkillBridge program is an opportunity for servicemen & servicewomen to complete an internship during the last 180 days of service to gain valuable civilian career experience
