Status: pending
Data-Status: error
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Terra
Role Name: Senior Project Manager
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: $80,000 - $90,000
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4229707208&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true

Job Description:
About the job
We are looking for an extremely detail-oriented, communicative, and proactive project manager and account lead to join our growing digital agency. If you are passionate about keeping large marketing projects organized, creative problem solving, and building long-term relationships with team members and clients, this could be the perfect role for you.

What You'll Do

Help manage the successful delivery of work for a book of accounts from the moment we kick off each project. 
Build trust and buy-in from client contacts while inspiring and leading internal teams to do their best work and drive results.
Process and delegate deliverables and tasks to digital marketing, content, design, and web teams.
Create easily digestible, organized project plans and trackers, then keep them updated on a rolling basis.
Prepare for and lead regularly scheduled client meetings.
Deliver all work on time — or work with clients and internal team members to negotiate new deadlines.
Source client inputs, feedback, and approvals on deliverables.
Collaborate with clients and team members in real-time via Slack.
QA deliverables to ensure adherence to client objectives and inputs.
Understand our goals for each of your projects and ensure their achievement.

Who You Are

An ambitious and extremely organized project manager who is passionate about delivering complex digital marketing and web projects
Extremely attentive to deadlines, processes, and details
Strong communication skills 
Enjoys interfacing with clients
Proactive problem solver who isn’t afraid to dive in and get your hands dirty.
Able to pivot quickly between tasks and adapt to shifting expectations and client goals
Experience managing work inside of more advanced project management software like ClickUp, Asana, or Airtable
At least 2 years of project management experience in an agency setting is preferred
Flexibility in your working hours so you can meet with our Spain-based web team as well as client meetings throughout the day

$80,000 - $90,000 a year

About Terra

Terra is a digital marketing and creative agency built by an integrated and international team of content creators, strategists, designers, and developers. We help organizations reimagine and deliver their most ambitious digital projects and initiatives by acting as an extension of our clients’ teams and delivering exceptional online experiences, content, and marketing strategies.

Our team is innovative, tech-forward, and creative by nature. We are dedicated to pushing boundaries and staying ahead of the curve in today’s ever-evolving digital landscape. We believe in the power of collaboration and foster a work environment that encourages creativity and growth. And with a strong focus on work-life balance, we prioritize the well-being and career development of our team members. Finally, we are committed to promoting from within and offering meaningful opportunities for professional growth.

Terra is also an equal opportunity employer. 

We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote team members regardless of their race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, veteran status, or any other protected status (as required by applicable law).

Our top goal as an employer is to bring together a diverse mix of talented people who are excited to join our company, stay with Terra for a long time, and do their best work while they’re here. We take pride in the quality of the services and work we provide to our clients, and we know none of it is possible without the hard work and commitment of our passionate and creative employees.
