Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Jobs via Dice
Role Name: Scrum Master
Location: Orlando, FL
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: See Job Post URL
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4280864907&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=25

Job Description:
About the job
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Kforce Technology Staffing, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

RESPONSIBILITIES:

A Kforce client is looking for a Scrum Master 5 days a week in office in the Orlando area.

Summary:

In this role, the Scrum Master is responsible for being a leader and coach for Agile team members, ensuring the effective application of Agile principles to deliver high-value products and services. This position is pivotal in fostering collaboration, enabling continuous improvement, and facilitating the successful delivery of projects aligned with strategic goals. The Scrum Master also supports the Product Owner in backlog refinement and promotes transparency across teams. Strong facilitation and communication skills are essential to drive team performance and remove impediments.

REQUIREMENTS:

 10+ years of progressive experience with agile teams in the delivery and development of software solutions
 3+ years of experience as a Scrum Master in a software development, digital transformation, or technical product-focused, agile work environment with multiple delivery teams
 Experience in agile software development lifecycle
 Experience in a multi-national, matrix structured organization preferred
 Experience in Hotel Management, Vacation Ownership, or Hospitality preferred

The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.

We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.

Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.

This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

By clicking ?Apply Today? you agree to receive calls, AI-generated calls, text messages or emails from Kforce and its affiliates, and service providers. Note that if you choose to communicate with Kforce via text messaging the frequency may vary, and message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You will always have the right to cease communicating via text by using key words such as STOP.
