Status: processed
Data-Status: complete
Job board: LinkedIn
Company Name: Lensa
Role Name: (Sr) Project Lead/Manager (General Medicine)
Location: United States
Type: Not specified
Salary range: Not specified
Hiring Team: Not identified
Application Instructions: Apply by emailing: support@lensa.com
Job post URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4283108425&distance=25&f_TPR=r86400&geoId=90000596&keywords=Scrum%20master&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=75

Job Description:
About the job
Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for Thermo Fisher Scientific. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Work Schedule

Standard (Mon-Fri)

Environmental Conditions

Office

Job Description

At Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll discover meaningful work that makes a positive impact on a global scale. Join our colleagues in bringing our Mission to life - enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We provide our teams with the resources needed to achieve individual career goals while taking science a step beyond through research, development and delivery of life-changing therapies. With clinical trials conducted in 100+ countries and ongoing development of novel frameworks for clinical research through our PPD clinical research portfolio, our work spans laboratory, digital and decentralized clinical trial services. Your determination to deliver quality and accuracy will improve health outcomes that people and communities depend on – now and in the future.

Our Project Delivery colleagues within our PPD® clinical research services direct, coordinate and lead the technical and operational aspects of projects, securing the successful completion of clinical trials. This includes collaborating with functional area leads to identify and evaluate fundamental issues on the project and to ensure that solutions are implemented. Project Delivery is vital to helping our customers deliver life-changing therapies.

We have a vacancy for (Senior) Project Manager (Delivery) in our CVGM – Cardio – General Medicine Team in the EMEA region.

We especially seek indication experience in Nephrology and Transplant experience (kidney preferable) (please note relevant experience in your application):

The therapeutic scope required is Nephrology and transplant experience as well as indications required within Cardiovascular & General Medicine - Dermatology, GI, (UC/CD), Cardiovascular, Liver, Nephrology, Immunology, Rare Disease, Diabetes, Obesity, Dyslipidemia, Women's Health, Rheumatology, (RA, SLE, Gout).

Discover Impactful Work

Serves as the Project Lead and primary sponsor contact. Accountable for the overall delivery of the project (quality, time, cost) on behalf of the organization. Establishes and communicates customer expectations to the project team. Leads the cross functional project team to meet or exceed deliverables.

A Day In The Life

Is the primary contact between the sponsor and the organization at the project level. 
Ensures escalation pathways adhered to internally and externally (Rules of Engagement – communication pathways). 
On projects where the scope requires, ensures clear delineation in responsibilities and communication pathways for secondary project leads (such as lead in a specific region, lead for a specific vendor(s) or subset of delivery). 
Ensures financial stewardship at a project level by demonstrating an intimate understanding of the contract, resource alignment to budget, management of Out of Scope activity, drive the Con Mod process/negotiations and team execution to timelines. 
Establishes, communicates and manages the sponsor to achieve optimal delivery during the project 
Drives Risk Identification and Issue Resolution at project level (RBQM/RESOLVE). 
Ensures project team compliance with organization policies, SOPs, ICH- GCP, regulatory and project specific requirements. 

Keys To Success

Education

Bachelor's degree or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification 
Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 8+ years’). 
Experience in General Medicine studies, specifically in the list of indications (Nephrology, transplant (kidney) 

In some cases an equivalency, consisting of a combination of appropriate education, training and/or directly related experience, will be considered sufficient for an individual to meet the requirements of the role.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

Technical and systems competency, such as computer skills, to include effective use of systems and applications such as Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint, as well as organization systems (CTMS, Preclarus, Clarity) 
Ability to delegate and effectively prioritize own and workload of project team members in a frequently changing environment 
Effective oral and written communication and presentation skills 
Proactive, solutions oriented and adaptable to changing priorities and situations 
Advanced therapeutic area knowledge and clinical development guidelines and directives 
Strong understanding of the key principles of project management (time, quality, cost), including solid financial acumen 
Sound interpersonal and customer service skills, including the ability to lead, motivate and coordinate cross-functional project teams 
Good judgment and decision making skills and capable of applying critical and analytical skills to manage complex/ambiguous situations 
Ability to negotiate, persuade and influence others, including a cross cultural awareness 

Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Watch as our colleagues explain 5 reasons to work with us. As one team of 100,000+ colleagues, we share a common set of values - Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement - working together to accelerate research, solve complex scientific challenges, drive technological innovation and support patients in need. #StartYourStory with PPD, part of Thermo Fisher Scientific, where diverse experiences, backgrounds and perspectives are valued.

Apply today! http://jobs.thermofisher.com

Closing date: Friday 15th August 2025

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com
